patent|abs|title1
09532690|A robot cleaner capable of vacuuming foreign materials on a floor includes a main body to which a dust collector is mounted and a vacuuming unit provided at a front portion of the main body to clean a floor. The vacuuming unit is configured to move relative to the main body. If it is determined that the robot cleaner is located near a wall or an obstacle, the vacuuming unit moves to the wall or the obstacle. Since the vacuuming unit contacts the wall or the obstacle, a region of a floor near the wall or the obstacle may be cleaned. Further, a manual cleaner may be selectively connected to a channel connector of the robot cleaner so that a user may choose automatic or manual cleaning of a floor at the user's convenience.|Robot cleaner and control method thereof
09532840|One exemplary user interface for a medical robotics system may include a control panel and one or more sliders that may be slidably carried by the control panel to actuate one or more motors for moving a surgical instrument of the medical robotics system. The sliders may be configured to actuate the motors to move the surgical instrument along a respective one of a plurality of degrees of freedom.|Slider control of catheters and wires
09532841|Robotic, telerobotic, and/or telesurgical devices, systems, and methods take advantage of robotic structures and data to calculate changes in the focus of an image capture device in response to movement of the image capture device, a robotic end effector, or the like. As the size of an image of an object shown in the display device varies with changes in a separation distance between that object and the image capture device used to capture the image, a scale factor between a movement command input may be changed in response to moving an input device or a corresponding master/slave robotic movement command of the system. This may enhance the perceived correlation between the input commands and the robotic movements as they appear in the image presented to the system operator.|Autofocus and/or autoscaling in telesurgery
09533411|A method for controlling a tele-operated robot agile lift system is disclosed. The method comprises manipulating a human-machine interface of a master robot located on a mobile platform. The human machine interface is kinematically equivalent to a user's arm with a plurality of support members. A position value and a torque value is measured for each support member. The position value and torque value are communicated to support members of a kinematically equivalent slave arm to position the support members to correspond with a position of the human-machine interface.|System and method for controlling a teleoperated robotic agile lift system
09533420|A distal end side link hub is connected to a proximal end side link hub via three or more link mechanisms such that alteration in posture of the distal end side link hub is allowed. Each of the link mechanisms includes a proximal side end link member, a distal side end link member, and an intermediate link member. A line member is disposed between the link hubs, two ends of the line member being held at line member holding points which are on link hub central axes, respectively. In a state where the link hubs are parallel to each other, when the distance from a midpoint to each spherical link center is defined as (D) and the distance from each spherical link center to its corresponding line member holding point is defined as (H), the relationship H=0.5×D is established.|Link actuation device
09533660|An apparatus facilitating packing of a racecar parachute using a pilot chute launcher, the apparatus comprised of a slotted metal plate, a pair of notched tabs, and a pair of extensions selected to removably couple with the notched tabs and the plate. In use, the notched tabs, notched sides facing away from one another, are positioned and affixed to opposing sides of a parachute bag bottom plate. The parachute and pilot chute launcher are packed into the parachute bag. The extensions are inserted into opposing slots on the plate, and by engaging the extensions with the notched tabs, the pilot chute launcher is compressed. A top and a bottom flap of the parachute bag is secured over the plate in a usual fashion. The extensions and the plate are sequentially removed, and the parachute is continued to be packed in the usual fashion.|Retainer apparatus for use with a pilot chute launcher and method for packing a parachute using a pilot chute launcher and retainer apparatus
09533750|A flight control surface such as a slat capable of keeping and achieving a minimum basic functions even when it is damaged by collisions of birds or the like, and a wing using the same are provided. Both ends of one wire cable 15 or more are fixed to paired ribs 10A and 10B provided in a short direction of the slat. This wire cable 15 is placed so as to pass through a through-hole 13 formed in each of the ribs 10 positioned between the paired ribs 10A and 10B. Even if birds or the like collide with slat 3 at the time of a flight of the aircraft to damage and deform not only a skin 4 of the slat 3 but also any rib 10, the wire cable 15 between the paired ribs 10A and 10B prevents the slat 3 from being broken into pieces.|Slat, wing of aircraft, flight control surface of aircraft, and aircraft
09533761|An aircraft may include a cabin having a first portion, a second portion, a first ramp and a second ramp. The first portion of the cabin may include an upper deck and a lower deck. The upper deck and the lower deck may be disposed proximate to each other with vertical separation therebetween. The second portion may include an intermediate deck disposed in a plane that is substantially parallel to planes in which the upper deck and the lower deck lie. The intermediate deck may be vertically separated from both the upper deck and the lower deck. The first ramp may extend between the lower deck and the intermediate deck to provide access therebetween. The second ramp may extend between the upper deck and the intermediate deck to provide access therebetween.|Aircraft configuration with ramp access to multiple decks
09533770|An aircraft assembly comprising a plurality of structural components and an electrically conductive bonding network, wherein at least one of the structural components is formed of material of low electrical conductivity, and the bonding network includes either: at least one substantially planar strip of highly electrically conductive material attached to at least the one structural component, and wherein the strip includes a substantially omega-shaped loop extending out of the plane of the strip; or at least one strip of highly electrically conductive material attached to at least the one structural component, wherein the strip comprises first and second planar attachment portions for attaching the strip to the structural component(s) and an intermediate portion extending between the first and second attachment portions, and wherein the intermediate portion includes a loop which extends outwards from the plane of the first attachment portion.|Aircraft bonding network
09533771|Preventing damage to a metal component or reducing manufacturing assembly steps. An initial channel, defined by an inner surface, is formed through the metal component. A bushing is placed into the initial channel, the bushing having an outer surface and an inner channel. An interference fit is created between the outer surface and the inner surface. A final channel is formed through the bushing. In forming the final channel, material is removed from the bushing to increase a size of the inner channel to be suitable to receive a fastener and such that the inner surface of the metal component remains unexposed within the final channel. The final channel extends through a second component. A fastener is placed into the final channel to attach the metal component to a second component, wherein electrical magnetic effects occur between the fastener and the bushing.|Apparatus for preventing lightning strike damage to a structural component
09533841|An automatic truck unloader for unloading/unpacking product, such as boxes or cases, from trailers and containers is disclosed. In one embodiment, a mobile base structure provides a support framework for a drive subassembly, conveyance subassembly, an industrial robot, a distance measurement subassembly, and a control subassembly. Under the operation of the control subassembly, an industrial robot having a suction cup-based gripper arm selectively removes boxes from the trailer and places the boxes on a powered transportation path. The control subassembly coordinates the selective articulated movement of the industrial robot and the activation of the drive subassembly based upon the distance measurement subassembly detecting objects, including boxes, within a detection space, and dimensions of the trailer provided to the control subassembly.|Automated truck unloader for unloading/unpacking product from trailers and containers
09534540|An automatic emergency radar and proximity sensor activated protection system that could assist to prevent commercial, private, or military aircraft jet engines from being damaged or destroyed by the installment of a Shielding Blade Assembly which will immediately close when detection of objects such as; birds, debris, or other destructive elements try to enter through the engine intake while the aircraft is in FLIGHT causing the Internal Air Injection Unit (A.I.U.) to supply high volumes of air in order for the engine to stay operational and prevent it from stalling while in FLIGHT.|Thrust enabling objective system
09534541|A gas turbine engine is presented. The gas turbine engine includes a control unit having a first bypass channel that is coupled between an outlet of a first turbine and an inlet of a second turbine. Further, the control unit includes a second bypass channel coupled between a first outlet of a compressor unit and the inlet of the second turbine. Additionally, the control unit includes a first control valve coupled to the first bypass channel and configured to direct at least a first portion of exhaust gas from the first turbine to the inlet of the second turbine via the first bypass channel. Furthermore, the control unit includes a second control valve coupled to the second bypass channel and configured to direct at least a first portion of compressed air from the compressor unit to the inlet of the second turbine via the second bypass channel.|System and method for improving efficiency of a gas turbine engine
09534580|A fluid turbine blade and method of fabrication are provided. The fluid turbine blade includes a centrally disposed longitudinal spar having a substantially circumferential cross section. The fluid turbine blade also includes at least one chord stiffener coupled to the longitudinal spar. The fluid turbine blade further includes a torsionally compliant segmented skin coupled to the at least one chord stiffener. The centrally disposed longitudinal spar and the torsionally compliant segmented skin are functionally decoupled to relieve the torsionally compliant segmented skin of one or more of a flapwise load condition, an edgewise load condition and a torsional load condition.|Fluid turbine blade with torsionally compliant skin and method of providing the same
09534581|Embodiments related to wind turbines and methods of guiding a flow of a fluid using a wind turbine. In one embodiment, a wind turbine includes a framework including an annular upper guide means and an annular base guide means; and an annular rotor assembly surrounding a central space, the rotor assembly comprising a plurality of rotor vanes, each rotor vane being held in position between the upper guide means and the base guide means.|Vertical axis turbine
09534931|An encoder includes a first rotator connectable to a rotating shaft and including a first pattern, and a first detection unit positioned at a non-rotatory member and configured to detect the first pattern. The encoder also includes a second rotator connectable to an output shaft that is rotatable around a predetermined axis and is configured to output rotation caused by the rotating shaft. The encoder also includes a second detection unit positioned at the non-rotatory member and configured to detect the second pattern, and a reference unit configured to position the first detection unit and the second detection unit by a common position reference.|Encoder, encoder installation method, torque-limiting mechanism, driving apparatus, and robot apparatus
09535420|A method for accurately tracking and controlling robots includes capturing a first image of a first matrix code labeled on a first mobile robot at a first time by one or more stationery cameras, wherein the first matrix code is encoded with an identification that uniquely identifies the first mobile robot, correcting a tilt of the first image to produce a first corrected image that shows the first matrix code in a substantially rectangular or square shape, extracting the identification to uniquely identify the first mobile robot, calculating a first position of the first mobile robot based on the first corrected image by a computer system, and controlling a movement of the first mobile robot based at least in part on the identification and the first position of the first mobile robot.|Matrix code symbols for accurate robot tracking
09535421|A mobile robot can include an elongated body disposed in a vertical direction and having an approximately cylindrical shape; a user interface within an upper 20 centimeters of the body and inclined to be accessible from above and in front of the robot; at least one depth sensor that is mounted at or near a top of the body and having at least one field of view; at least one container formed within the body; and a drive mechanism disposed within the body.|Mobile delivery robot with interior cargo space
09535480|A method of controlling power in a hybrid energy storage system that may include controlling power through the at least one battery storage element and the capacitor storage element using a multi-level power management system. In some embodiments, the multi-level power management system includes at least a long term battery management layer and a real time power management layer. The long term battery management layer can be for estimating and managing a life cycle for the battery. The real time power management layer can be for managing power sharing between the at least one battery storage element and the at least one capacitor storage element at each time instant dependent upon adjustments to battery performance based upon the long term battery management layer.|Power coordination system for hybrid energy storage system
09535920|The present invention generally relates to storing sequence read data. The invention can involve obtaining a plurality of sequence reads from a sample, identifying one or more sets of duplicative sequence reads within the plurality of sequence reads, and storing only one of the sequence reads from each set of duplicative sequence reads in a text file using nucleotide characters.|Methods and systems for storing sequence read data
09535960|A search engine is described herein for providing search results based on a context in which a query has been submitted, as expressed by context information. The search engine operates by ranking a plurality of documents based on a consideration of the query, and based, in part, on a context concept vector and a plurality of document concept vectors, both generated using a deep learning model (such as a deep neural network). The context concept vector is formed by a projection of the context information into a semantic space using the deep learning model. Each document concept vector is formed by a projection of document information, associated with a particular document, into the same semantic space using the deep learning model. The ranking operates by favoring documents that are relevant to the context within the semantic space, and disfavoring documents that are not relevant to the context.|Context-sensitive search using a deep learning model
09535980|A mechanism is provided in a question answering system for duration similarity weighting in a question answering system. The question answering system receives an input question. The question answering system generates a plurality of candidate answers to the input question using a corpus of information. The question answering system identifies a question-side duration value for the input question and identifies a policy-side duration value for a policy to be applied to an entity identified in the input question. The question answering system determines a duration similarity weight for each of the plurality of candidate answers. The question answering system applies the duration similarity weight to each of the plurality of candidate answers. The question answering system ranks the plurality of candidate answers and outputs one or more of the candidate answers.|NLP duration and duration range comparison methodology using similarity weighting
09536050|According to an aspect, influence filtering in a graphical model includes accessing the graphical model in a data store. The graphical model includes a plurality of nodes connected by edges having edge strengths representing a degree of relation between the nodes. A target relation strength for a pair of nodes in the graphical model is received. An edge strength of an edge in a direct path between the pair of nodes is determined by traversing, in the graphical model, one or more paths other than the direct path between the pair of nodes. The determining also includes estimating a cumulative strength of the traversed paths, and calculating the edge strength for the edge in the direct path based on the cumulative strength of the traversed paths and the target relation strength. The calculated edge strength is assigned to the edge in the direct path between the two nodes.|Influence filtering in graphical models
09536190|A method for dynamically modifying synaptic delays in a neural network includes initializing a delay parameter and operating the neural network. The method further includes dynamically updating the delay parameter based on a program which is based on a statement including the delay parameter.|Dynamically assigning and examining synaptic delay
09536191|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for reinforcement learning using confidence scores. One of the methods includes receiving a current observation; for each of multiple actions: determining a respective value function estimate that is an estimate of a return resulting from the agent performing the action in response to the current observation, determining a respective confidence score that is a measure of confidence that the respective value function estimate for the action is an accurate estimate of the return that will result from the agent performing the action in response to the current observation, adjusting the respective value function estimate for the action using the respective confidence score for the action to determine a respective adjusted value function estimate; and selecting an action to be performed by the agent in response to the current observation using the respective adjusted value function estimates.|Reinforcement learning using confidence scores
09536200|An approach is provided to use natural language processing (NLP) to analyze data logs. In the approach, a data log is analyzed with the data log including a number of entries. The analysis performed includes performance of a sentiment analysis of the entries using natural language processing. The result of the sentiment analysis results is a sentiment score. Entries from the data log are then visually highlighted based on their corresponding sentiment scores.|Sentiment analysis of data logs
09536201|A method to identify a relationship between at least pairs of variables in a dataset generates a novel measure of dependence, referred to as a Maximal Information Coefficient (MIC), that captures a wide range of interesting associations (not limited to specific function types such as linear, exponential or periodic, or to all functional relationships), and that gives similar scores to equally noisy relationships of different types. MIC is based on the idea that if a relationship exists between two variables, then a grid can be drawn on a scatterplot of the two variables that partitions the data to encapsulate that relationship.|Identifying associations in data and performing data analysis using a normalized highest mutual information score
09536361|Methods and systems for a vehicle system that include determining whether a vehicle action is necessary and providing a notification to predetermined users. Sensors provide signals to a sensing control system to generate the notification.|Universal vehicle notification system
09536870|An electrostatic discharge protection circuit is disclosed. A method of manufacturing a semiconductor structure includes forming a semiconductor controlled rectifier including a first plurality of fingers between an n-well body contact and an anode in an n-well, and a second plurality of fingers between a p-well body contact and a cathode in a p-well.|SCR with fin body regions for ESD protection
09537371|The present invention provides a system for a contra rotor wind turbine system comprising of dual aerodynamic rotors composed of plurality of either radially extended blades or axially extended helically contoured blades. The blades on the upwind or the outer rotor are set to spin in the first direction about the outer shaft, while the blades on the downwind or inner rotor are set to spin in a second direction about the co-axially mounted center shaft. Each rotor drives a digitally controllable positive displacement pump unit to convert the kinetic energy of the rotor to the fluidic potential energy. The potential energy of each rotor is compounded to achieve net potential energy. The net potential energy is stored in a fluidic reservoir and used by a hydraulic motor to drive an electrical generator. The hydraulic pump and the motor units are provided to maintain uniform rotational speed and torque.|Contra rotor wind turbine system using a hydraulic power transmission device
09537431|This disclosure discloses a brake diagnosis device configured to diagnose a brake of a motor with a brake. The brake diagnosis device includes a brake control part, a diagnosis part, and a signal output part. The brake control part is configured to actuate or release the brake. The diagnosis part is configured to diagnose a presence or absence of an abnormality of the brake while the brake is actuated by the brake control part. The signal output part is configured to output a signal related to a brake abnormality after the brake is released by the brake control part in a case that the diagnosis part diagnoses the brake as having an abnormality.|Brake diagnosis device and brake diagnosis method
09539731|Systems and methods relating to a clutch system for use in controllably transmitting torque from an input shaft to an output shaft. The clutch system has a torque transmission fluid that has a viscosity that changes based on the strength of an electromagnetic field passing through the fluid. A number of sensors are placed at different radial locations on the torque transmission disks to detect the strength of the electromagnetic field. Based on the strength of the electromagnetic field, the amount of torque being transmitted from the input shaft to the output shaft can be adjusted. Also disclosed is a distributed actuation architecture that uses this clutch system. The distributed actuation architecture allows for the use of a single drive motor in conjunction with multiple instances of the clutch system to actuate a mechanical linkage, such as a robotic arm.|Magneto-rheological clutch with sensors measuring electromagnetic field strength
09540060|A robotic device includes multiple sprockets coupled to a tread module. The robotic device also includes multiple first drive gears coupled to a drive shaft gear of the tread module. The robotic device further includes a second drive gear coupled to a carousel gear of the tread module.|Omni-directional treads
09540091|A high altitude lighter-than-air (LTA) system can include a zero-pressure balloon (ZPB) attached in tandem with one or more variable ballast air super-pressure balloons (SPB). The ZPB provides lift for the system while the SPB uses a centrifugal compressor to provide a variable amount of ballast air by pumping in or expelling out ambient air. A solar array coupled with an elongated ladder assembly can be coupled to a payload support for a payload carried by the LTA system. Various advanced performance targets relating to ascent rate, descent rate, range and maximum altitude are achievable with various scaled versions of the basic design of the LTA system. Advanced navigation and control techniques, such as efficient high altitude station-keeping approaches, are made possible with the LTA system.|High altitude balloon systems and methods
09540100|A control system configured to control an acceleration of an air vehicle which comprises a tiltable propulsion unit that is tiltable to provide a thrust whose direction is variable at least between a general vertical thrust vector direction and a general longitudinal thrust vector direction with respect to the air vehicle, the control system comprising: (a) an input interface for receiving information indicative of a monitored airspeed of the air vehicle; and (b) a control unit, configured to issue controlling commands to a controller of the tiltable propulsion unit for controlling the acceleration of the air vehicle.|System, a method and a computer program product for maneuvering of an air vehicle
09540101|A vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft according to an aspect of the present invention comprises a fuselage, an empennage having an all-moving horizontal stabilizer located at a tail end of the fuselage, a wing having the fuselage positioned approximately halfway between the distal ends of the wing, wherein the wing is configured to transform between a substantially straight wing configuration and a canted wing configuration using a canted hinge located on each side of the fuselage. The VTOL aircraft may further includes one or more retractable pogo supports, wherein a retractable pogo support is configured to deploy from each of the wing's distal ends.|System, apparatus and method for long endurance vertical takeoff and landing vehicle
09540110|An aeroplane includes an external skin and an internal bulkhead delimiting a cabin, and an escape opening passing through the external skin and the internal bulkhead. The escape opening is closed off by an external escape hatch disposed flush with the external skin. The aeroplane also includes an internal escape hatch that closes off the escape opening disposed flush with the internal bulkhead, and pressure regulating means capable of automatically triggering an opening of the internal escape hatch or a part of the internal escape hatch when a pressure differential on both sides of the internal escape hatch exceeds a determined value.|Aeroplane equipped with an internal escape hatch incorporating a pressure regulating system
09540171|Some embodiments provide a system for fully autonomous order fulfillment and inventory management within a distribution site or warehouse. The system operates by autonomous robots directly pulling customer order items from distribution site shelves or pulling individual bins from distribution site shelves and dispensing appropriate quantities of items from the bins until all items of a customer order are retrieved without human involvement. The system further involves the robots autonomously monitoring item quantities within the distribution site, identifying and autonomously responding to shortages, and organizing the items within the distribution site for most efficient order fulfillment.|Autonomous order fulfillment and inventory control robots
09540920|A method, apparatus, and program product facilitate the automation of an oil & gas process, e.g., a drilling process, through the use of a dynamic phase machine incorporating multiple autonomous agents.|Dynamic phase machine automation of oil and gas processes
09541001|A drive unit includes a combustion chamber for combusting a fuel/air mixture, and a fuel cell device, wherein the fuel cell device includes at least one fuel cell, which in each case includes an anode that is couplable to a fuel line, a cathode that is couplable to an air source, and a fluid outlet and is arranged upstream of the combustion chamber. The combustion chamber further includes a combustion chamber inlet for supplying the fuel/air mixture, and a combustion chamber outlet for discharging exhaust gas, and the combustion chamber inlet is connected to the fluid outlet of the fuel cell device. In this way a hybrid drive unit can be provided which apart from mechanical power also generates electrical power at high efficiency.|Drive unit, method for providing power, and use of a drive unit
09541030|An exhaust plume cooling device for cooling an exhaust gas plume to reduce deleterious heat effects on impinged and surrounding surfaces. The device is supportable in a position downstream of an exhaust nozzle of an exhaust gas plume-producing engine and configured to periodically interrupt the flow of exhaust gases.|Exhaust plume cooling using periodic interruption of exhaust gas flow to form ambient air entraining vortices
09541031|A modulator device for modulating a gas ejection section, includes a shutter member for partially shutting a nozzle throat, a control guide of the shutter member, a main piston, and a primer piston. The control guide is movable between a retraction position for retracting the partial shutter element relative to the nozzle throat and a shutting position in which the partial shutter element is in contact with the nozzle throat. The primer piston is movable between a rest position and a priming position for priming the main piston when the pressure in the modulator device reaches a first predetermined value. The main piston is movable between a first position for locking the control guide against movement in its retraction position, and a second position for locking the control guide when the pressure in the modulator device reaches a second predetermined value less than the first predetermined value.|Device for modulating a gas ejection section
09541060|A windmill blade assembly that is rotated in response to the wind. Each of a first and a second blade member has first and opposite ends and a hub mounting hole located between the ends. The first blade member is located above the second blade member such that the hub mounting holes thereof are axially aligned to receive a hub therethrough. The first and second blade members are turned along the hub or bent so as to provide a pitch that is aerodynamically configured to cause the rotatable blade assembly to spin. The windmill blade assembly is connected by a correspondingly rotatable shaft which extends from the hub thereof to an electrical power generator.|Windmill blade assembly
09541070|The invention provides a plant for production of energy, comprising any type of heat or energy source including but not limited to solar power sources, nuclear reactors, fossil fuel plants, wind power plants, tidal power plants, waste heat power plants and geothermal sources, operatively arranged at an input side of the plant, and heat delivery or energy production means such as turbine-electric generator sets, operatively arranged at a delivery side of the plant. The plant is distinctive in that it further comprises a thermal energy storage with integrated heat exchanger, comprising a solid state thermal storage material, a heat transfer fluid and means for energy input and output, wherein: the storage comprises at least one heat transfer container, solid state thermal storage material is arranged around the heat transfer container, the heat transfer container contains the heat transfer fluid and the means for energy input and output, so that all heat transferring convection and conduction by the heat transfer fluid takes place within the respective heat transfer container, the thermal energy storage with heat exchanger has been arranged inside thermal insulation, and the solid state thermal energy storage with heat exchanger, has been arranged between the input side and delivery side of the plant for storage and heat exchange of thermal energy, the storage is coupled directly or via an additional heat exchanger to the source and the storage is coupled directly or via an additional heat exchanger to the delivery side of the plant.|Plant for energy production
09541151|In various embodiments, a two stage shock strut for use in a landing gear assembly may comprise a first cylinder, a fill port, a first stage piston head, a second cylinder, a second stage piston head, and a bleed tube. The first cylinder may define a first volume. The fill port valve may be in fluid communication with the first cylinder and configured to receive hydraulic fluid. The first stage piston head may be in fluid communication with the first volume. The second cylinder may comprise a metering pin. The metering pin may be in fluid communication with the first volume and a second volume defined by the second cylinder. The metering pin may be configured to receive the hydraulic fluid from the first volume and purge gas from the second volume. The second stage piston head may be in fluid communication with the second volume.|Dual stage shock strut with removable second stage fluid chamber
09541631|A networked system for managing a physical intrusion detection/alarm includes an upper tier of server devices, comprising: processor devices and memory in communication with the processor devices, a middle tier of gateway devices that are in communication with upper tier servers, and a lower level tier of devices that comprise fully functional nodes with at least some of the functional nodes including an application layer that execute routines to provide node functions, and a device to manage the lower tier of devices, the device instantiating a program manager that executes a state machine to control the application layer in each of the at least some of the functional nodes.|Wireless sensor network
09542511|The disclosed embodiments include a method, apparatus, and computer program product for determining a synthetic gas-oil-ratio for a gas dominant fluid. For example, one disclosed embodiment includes a system that includes at least one processor, and at least one memory coupled to the at least one processor and storing instructions that when executed by the at least one processor performs operations that include optimizing a gas-oil-ratio database using a genetic algorithm and a multivariate regression simulator and generating a synthetic gas-oil-ratio for a gas dominant fluid. In one embodiment, optimizing a gas-oil-ratio database using a genetic algorithm and a multivariate regression simulator comprises defining gas-oil-ratio searching boundaries gas-oil-ratio for each gas dominant fluid; assigning randomly a synthetic gas-oil-ratio for each gas dominant fluid in a set of gas dominant fluids in the initial population of gas-oil-ratio data, wherein the gas-oil-ratio for each gas dominant fluid is within the searching boundaries; generating an initial population of gas-oil-ratio data for a set of gas dominant fluids; and evaluating synthetic gas-oil-ratio assignments for the initial population using the multivariate regression simulator.|Synthetic gas-oil-ratio determination for gas dominant fluids
09542621|Spatial pyramid pooling (SPP) layers are combined with convolutional layers and partition an input image into divisions from finer to coarser levels, and aggregate local features in the divisions. A fixed-length output may be generated by the SPP layer(s) regardless of the input size. The multi-level spatial bins used by the SPP layer(s) may provide robustness to object deformations. An SPP layer based system may pool features extracted at variable scales due to the flexibility of input scales making it possible to generate a full-image representation for testing. Moreover, SPP networks may enable feeding of images with varying sizes or scales during training, which may increase scale-invariance and reduce the risk of over-fitting.|Spatial pyramid pooling networks for image processing
09542650|A relational event history is determined based on a data set, the relational event history including a set of relational events that occurred in time among a set of actors. Data is populated in a probability model based on the relational event history, where the probability model is formulated as a series of conditional probabilities that correspond to a set of sequential decisions by an actor for each relational event, where the probability model includes one or more statistical parameters and corresponding statistics, and where at least one of the one or more statistics is determined using a decay function. A baseline communications behavior for the relational event history is determined based on the populated probability model, and, based on a second set of values for the statistical parameters, departures within the relational event history from the baseline communications behavior are determined.|Analyzing behavior in light of social time
09542651|Some embodiments disclosed herein relate to generating fuzzy inferences of procedure types based on fuzzy logic. Membership functions can be used to relate item variables to a degree of correspondence to various item types. Fuzzy rules can specify processing to be conducted using membership values produced by evaluations of membership functions. An output of the processing can include an inference that a content object corresponding to the item variables relates to one or more procedure types. Further, some embodiments disclosed herein relate to querying hierarchical data structures to identify related items. A hierarchical data structure can associate each of a set of procedure types with one or more item types and/or item identifiers or characteristics.|Fuzzy inference deduction using rules and hierarchy-based item assignments
09543680|A contact assembly of a robotic garden tool charging device 10 . The contact assembly 100 is arranged to engage a contact element 200 of a robotic garden tool 20 for a charging operation. The contact assembly 100 comprises a contact member 110 having a plurality of connection points 121 , arranged to provide a plurality of points of contact 30 between the contact member 110 and the contact element 200 . The contact member is configured to be pivotably and translatably connected to a body portion 11 of the charging device 10 . The contact assembly 100 comprises a biasing member 140 arranged to interconnect the contact member 110 and the body portion 11, so as to bias the contact member 110 towards the contact element 200 during the charging operation.|Contact assembly of a robotic garden tool charging device
09544361|A system and method for detecting events based on input data from a plurality of sources. The system may receive input from a plurality of sources containing information about possible events. A method for event detection involves pre-processing and normalizing a data input from a plurality of sources, extracting and disambiguating events and entities, associate event and entities, correlate events and entities associated from a data input to results from a different data source to determine if an event has occurred, and store the detected events in a data storage.|Event detection through text analysis using dynamic self evolving/learning module
09545720|The present application discloses implementations that involve shutdowns of a robotic system. An example may include controlling, by a robotic system, a plurality of motors of the robotic system with a central processing unit (CPU). The example may also include determining, by the robotic system, an error condition of the robotic system, where the error condition prevents the CPU from controlling at least one of the plurality of motors. The example may also include causing a plurality of motor driver boards to control the plurality of motors of the robotic system in response to determining the error condition of the robotic system. The example may also include receiving, by the plurality of motors, one or more commands from the plurality of motor driver boards to move the robotic system to a stationary position and park the robotic system in the stationary position.|Shutdown method by using local control board
09545721|A robotic device includes a first calculation section adapted to calculate a first angular velocity of a first arm operating due to a first actuator provided with a first angle sensor based on rotational angle detection data of the first angle sensor of the first actuator, a second calculation section adapted to calculate a second angular velocity of the first arm taking an arm linkage device as an axis based on angular velocity detection data of an inertial sensor provided to the first arm linked via the arm linkage device including the first actuator, which is a calculation object of the first calculation section, and a third calculation section adapted to calculate a torsional angular velocity between the first actuator and the first arm with a low-frequency component eliminated.|Robotic device, method for controlling robotic device, and computer program
09545990|A floor panel assembly is used with a floor panel retention system that includes a first retaining element, a second retaining element, and a support element. The floor panel assembly includes a floor panel including a first side edge and an opposing second side edge. The floor panel is configured to rest on the support element. The floor panel assembly also includes at least one tab coupled to the floor panel proximate the first side edge. The tab is configured to engage the first retaining element. The floor panel assembly also includes a latch coupled to the floor panel proximate the second side edge. The latch is configured to selectively engage the second retaining element.|Floor panel retention system
09545991|An unmanned aerial vehicle with deployable components (UAVDC) is disclosed. The UAVDC may comprise a fuselage, at least one wing, and at least one control surface. In some embodiments, the UAVDC may further comprise a propulsion means and/or a modular payload. The UAVDC may be configured in a plurality of arrangements. For example, in a compact arrangement, the UAVDC may comprise the at least one wing stowed against the fuselage and the at least one control surface stowed against the fuselage. In a deployed arrangement, the UAVDC may comprise the at least one wing deployed from the fuselage and the least one control surface deployed from the fuselage. In an expanded arrangement, the UAVDC may comprise the at least one wing telescoped to increase a wingspan of the deployed arrangement.|Aerial vehicle with deployable components
09546000|A fixing structure for fixing a seat of a vehicle includes a fixing member which includes a locking section, a buffering section and a restricting section. The locking and restricting sections are provided with a thread for meshing with the thread of the locking passage, and the buffering section has no thread. The fixing seat includes a locking passage and a restricting space connected to the locking passage. The locking member is inserted through the cover and screwed into the fixing seat. When vibrations occur, the locking member will be unscrewed from the locking passage. However, in order to prevent the locking member from fully disengaging from the fixing seat, the buffering section is retained in the restricting space to prevent the thread of the restricting section from meshing with the thread of the locking passage, which prevents disengagement of the locking member in a vibrating condition.|Fixing structure for fixing a seat of a vehicle
09546001|The invention relates to a valve for controlling a fluid flow from a first environment to a second environment, having a frame for disposing a separating element in the region of an opening, said element separating the first environment from the second environment, and a first flap and a second flap for controlling the fluid flow through the opening between the first environment and the second environment, the flaps being movable in the frame. The flaps have protrusions designed to reduce noise generation in the fluid flow.|Outflow valve for an aircraft
09546080|A lifter and a method for handling of a rotor blade of a wind turbine are provided. Furthermore, a rotor blade for a wind generator and a method for marking the rotor blade and a system comprising a rotor blade and a lifter are provided. The lifter comprises at least one grabbing jaw having a pair of arms carrying pads for contacting an outer surface of the rotor blade in predetermined grabbing areas. Furthermore, the lifter comprises a detector for visual inspection of an invisible mark on a surface of the rotor blade. The at least one mark indicates a position of the at least one grabbing area.|Lifter and method for handling a rotor blade, rotor blade for a wind generator and method for marking a rotor blade, system comprising a lifter and a rotor blade
09546550|An apparatus for providing electrical power includes a foil having a leading inlet, at least rotor internal to the foil and downstream from the inlet and a trailing flow separator partially within a trailing chamber. The apparatus also includes leading and trailing edges configured such that fluid flowing through the foil experiences decreased pressure and increased velocity at the trailing edges relative to the leading edges. In a method utilizing the disclosed apparatus within a fluid flow, a first quantity of a high-pressure fluid is passed, at a low velocity, into the leading inlet of the bypass foil. One or more rotors are rotated by the flow and the rotational energy is translated into electrical power with a generator. After turning the rotors, quantity of fluid is ejected, at a high velocity, to the trailing edges of the bypass foil at an area of low fluid pressure.|Bypass foil
09546600|A gas turbomachine nozzle includes a base portion having a first fluid inlet and a second fluid inlet, and an outlet portion having one or more outlets. A connection section fluidically connects the base portion and the outlet portion. An orifice plug is arranged in the base portion at the second fluid inlet. The orifice plug includes one or more openings fluidically connecting the second fluid inlet and the connection section.|Nozzle having an orifice plug for a gas turbomachine
09546641|A device for facilitating handling of a wind turbine blade is provided. The device includes an inflatable member adapted to be arranged at the wind turbine blade such that the inflatable member covers at least a part of the wind turbine blade, wherein, when the inflatable member is arranged at the wind turbine blade and inflated, an aerodynamic drag coefficient of the wind turbine blade with the arranged inflatable member is less than an aerodynamic drag coefficient of the wind turbine blade. Further, there is described a system for handling a wind turbine blade, and a method of facilitating handling of a wind turbine blade.|Facilitated handling of wind turbine blades
09546800|A tower structure with storing capacity for at least one medium is described. The tower structure comprising at least two substantially vertically oriented support structures for forming the tower structure, wherein at least one of the support structures comprises at least one constructive pressure vessel for forming the support structure. A method for building the tower structure also is disclosed. The pressure vessel based tower structure may have applications e.g. in wind mills and solar thermal towers.|Pressure vessel based tower structure
09547291|A system manages human machine interface (HMI) applications for industrial control and automation. Software instructions stored on a tangible, non-transitory media and executable by a processor receive data indicative of a manufacturing/process control system being monitored and display a user interface indicative of a status of the manufacturing/process control system being monitored wherein the status is based on the received data.|Human machine interface (HMI) system having a symbol wizard creator
09547310|A mobile object control system includes a mobile object body, a distance measurement unit provided in the mobile object body to measure a distance between the mobile object body and an object present in front of the mobile object body with infrared rays, a movement control unit controlling the movement of the mobile object body based on a measurement result obtained by the distance measurement unit and moving path information, a moving direction limit information storage unit storing moving direction limit information as information on limiting a moving direction of the mobile object body, and a moving path information generation unit generating the moving path information based on the moving direction limit information. The moving direction limit information is information on limiting the moving direction in which a predetermined amount or more of infrared rays emitted from an external light source are radiated onto the mobile object body.|Mobile object control system, mobile object control method and non-transitory recording medium
09547740|An integrated circuit device having a plurality of lines is described in which the widths of the lines, and the spacing between adjacent lines, vary within a small range which is independent of variations due to photolithographic processes, or other patterning processes, involved in manufacturing the device. A sequential sidewall spacer formation process is described for forming an etch mask for the lines, which results in first and second sets of sidewall spacers arranged in an alternating fashion. As a result of this sequential sidewall spacer process, the variation in the widths of the lines across the plurality of lines, and the spacing between adjacent lines, depends on the variations in the dimensions of the sidewall spacers. These variations are independent of, and can be controlled over a distribution much less than, the variation in the size of the intermediate mask element caused by the patterning process.|Methods for fabricating high-density integrated circuit devices
09547750|Improvement is effected for a nucleic acid-based molecular computing system that is comprised of (i) a nucleic acid structure, (ii) at least one polynucleotide displacement molecule that can bind with the nucleic acid structure under hybridizing conditions, and (iii) a clashing polynucleotide molecule that competes with the polynucleotide displacement molecule for binding the nucleic acid structure under the hybridizing conditions. The method for such improvement entails incorporating chemical modification that inhibits the binding of the clashing molecule and the nucleic acid structure or facilitating the binding of the displacement molecule and the nucleic structure.|System and method for propagating information using modified nucleic acids
09547820|A method of classifying an input pattern and a pattern classification apparatus are provided. The method includes enabling an artificial neural network to learn based on learning input data received by an input layer of the artificial neural network, determining classification of an input pattern received by the input layer of the enabled artificial neural network according to an output value obtained from an output layer of the artificial neural network, the obtained output value being based on the input pattern, updating connection intensities of a plurality of connection lines of the enabled artificial neural network to output a result value indicating the determined classification from the output layer when the input pattern, and determining updated classification of the input pattern according to an updated output value obtained from an output layer of the updated artificial neural network, the obtained updated output value being based on the input pattern.|Method of classifying input pattern and pattern classification apparatus
09547821|Automated feature construction for algorithm portfolios in machine learning is provided. A gray scale image is generated from a text representing a problem instance. The gray scale image is rescaled or reshaped to a predefined size that is smaller than an initial size of the gray scale image. The rescaled gray scale image represents features of the problem instance. The rescaled gray scale image is input as features to a machine learning-based convolutional neural network. Based on the rescaled gray scale image, the machine learning-based convolutional neural network is automatically trained to learn to automatically determine one or more problem solvers from a portfolio of problem solvers suited for solving the problem instance.|Deep learning for algorithm portfolios
09547830|Optimization of machine intelligence utilizes a systemic process through a plurality of computer architecture manipulation techniques that take unique advantage of efficiencies therein to minimize clock cycles and memory usage. The present invention is an application of machine intelligence which overcomes speed and memory issues in learning ensembles of decision trees in a single-machine environment. Such an application of machine intelligence includes inlining relevant statements by integrating function code into a caller's code, ensuring a contiguous buffering arrangement for necessary information to be compiled, and defining and enforcing type constraints on programming interfaces that access and manipulate machine learning data sets.|Scalable, memory-efficient machine learning and prediction for ensembles of decision trees for homogeneous and heterogeneous datasets
09547991|A system and method of generating a landing trajectory for use in landing an aircraft onto a deck of a waterborne ship includes sensing motion of the ship, and sensing wind speed and wind direction. The sensed motion of the ship is processed to generate estimates of ship attitude and vertical speed, and the sensed wind speed and wind direction are processed to generate estimates of air-wake disturbances ahead of the aircraft. The landing trajectory is generated based on the estimates of ship attitude and vertical speed and the estimates of air-wake disturbances. The system and method implement model predictive control to calculate the control maneuvers multiple steps ahead, which provides the capability to smoothly control the timing of the aircraft touchdown phase.|Aircraft precision approach and shipboard landing control system and method
09548070|A method, apparatus, and system for implementing head degradation detection and prediction for hard disk drives (HDDs) are provided. Statistical parameter stability tests are used that are calculated as Confidence Intervals (CIs) from HDD parameter measurements. HDD parameters include, for example, change or delta in fly height (dFH), magnetic resistor resistance (MRR) head values, servo variable gain amplifier (SVGA) readback amplitude values, that are used in conjunction with two or more confidence level indicators and an Auto-Regressive Integrated Moving-Average (ARIMA) (p, d, q) predictor for head degradation detection and field failure prediction.|HDD magnetic head degradation field-failure detection and prediction
09548231|An apparatus including a drive; a movable arm assembly; a plurality of sets of end effectors; and a controller. The end effectors are connected to the drive by the movable arm assembly. A first one of the sets of end effectors includes at least two of the end effectors, where the drive and the movable arm assembly are configured to move the at least two end effectors substantially in unison from a retracted position towards an extended position towards two different respective target locations. The at least two end effectors are at least partially independently movable relative to each other on the moveable arm assembly. The controller is configured to detect an offset of respective substrates on the at least two end effectors and adjust movement of the at least two end effectors relative to each other prior to placement of the substrates at the respective target locations.|Robot and adaptive placement system and method
09548690|In one aspect, a method for controlling the operation of a power generation system configured to supply power to an electrical grid may generally include monitoring a rotor speed of a generator of the power generation system and determining a gain scaling factor based on the rotor speed, wherein the gain scaling factor increases with decreases in the rotor speed across a range of rotor speeds. In addition, the method may include adjusting a regulator gain to be applied within a current regulator of the power generation system based on the gain scaling factor and applying the adjusted regulator gain within the current regulator in order to generate a voltage command signal for controlling a power converter of the power generation system.|System and method for adjusting current regulator gains applied within a power generation system
09549531|A spray tool coupled to a robotic arm includes a linear member, a first spray nozzle and a second spray nozzle. The linear member rotates about an axis that is perpendicular to the robotic arm. The linear member has a perimeter that lies within an outer perimeter of the robotic arm when the robotic arm extends between the legs of a dairy livestock. The first spray nozzle is coupled to the linear member proximate a first end of the linear member. The second spray nozzle is coupled to the linear member proximate a second end of the linear member.|Automated system for applying disinfectant to the teats of dairy livestock
09549720|A device for establishing an access channel to a target location is presented. The device includes a plurality of cylindrical segments. A plurality of backbones each extends through a backbone channel of each segment to join the plurality of segments together. When joined together, the central bore of each of the plurality of cylindrical segments align to form an access channel. A distal segment is fixedly attached to each of the plurality of backbones such that an orientation of the distal segment can be adjusted by linear movement of one or more of the plurality of backbones through the plurality of cylindrical segments. Furthermore, when linear movement of the plurality of backbones is restricted, the shape of the access channel can be adjusted by external forces while maintaining the orientation of the distal segment.|Robotic device for establishing access channel
09549781|A multi-force sensing instrument includes a tool that has a tool shaft having a distal end and a proximal end, a strain sensor arranged at a first position along the tool shaft, at least one of a second strain sensor or a torque-force sensor arranged at a second position along the tool shaft, the second position being more towards the proximal end of the tool shaft than the first position, and a signal processor configured to communicate with the strain sensor and the at least one of the second strain sensor or the torque-force sensor to receive detection signals therefrom. The signal processor is configured to process the signals to determine a magnitude and position of a lateral component of a force applied to the tool shaft when the position of the applied force is between the first and second positions.|Multi-force sensing surgical instrument and method of use for robotic surgical systems
09550130|Hobby mechanical kits are provided. Kits illustratively include a hobby servo motor having a rotatable output shaft. The output shaft has gear teeth distributed around an outer diameter of the shaft. Certain embodiments of kits also include a hobby servo horn and a channel. The hobby servo horn has an inner diameter with gear teeth that correspond to the hobby servo output shaft gear teeth. The channel has a first panel, a second panel, and a third panel. The hobby servo horn and one of the panels of the channel include a star-shaped connection point.|Kits and components for modular hobby mechanical and robotic construction
09550300|The present invention provides an articulating retractor including: a plurality of distal segments, a distal segment of the plurality of distal segments being movable relative to others of the plurality of distal segments; a plurality of proximal segments, a proximal segment of the plurality of proximal segments being movable relative to others of the plurality of proximal segments, the proximal segment corresponding to the distal segment; and multiple sets of cables, the proximal segment connected to its corresponding unit of the distal segment, by a set of cables, such that movement of the proximal segment causes corresponding reciprocal movement of the distal segment. The mechanisms of the articulating retractor may also be combined in such a way to remotely mimic finger movements for manipulation of an object or body tissue.|Articulating retractors
09550400|Unmanned aerial vehicles and methods for providing the same are disclosed. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to a support frame. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations with a continuous track for ground propulsion. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to payload clamps.|Unmanned aerial vehicle
09550561|This disclosure describes a system and method for determining the center of gravity of a payload engaged by an automated aerial vehicle and adjusting components of the automated aerial vehicle and/or the engagement location with the payload so that the center of gravity of the payload is within a defined position with respect to the center of gravity of the automated aerial vehicle. Adjusting the center of gravity to be within a defined position improves the efficiency, maneuverability and safety of the automated aerial vehicle. In some implementations, the stability of the payload may also be determined to ensure that the center of gravity does not change or shift during transport due to movement of an item of the payload.|Determining center of gravity of an automated aerial vehicle and a payload
09550571|An accessible storage, rest, or work accommodation for an aircraft having a passenger cabin with a ceiling and a crown space above the ceiling, comprising: (a) a compartment in the crown space having at least one bunk; (b) an aperture in the passenger cabin ceiling, connecting the compartment to the passenger cabin; (c) a landing positioned below a floor of the compartment, below at least a portion of the aperture, inside the passenger cabin module; and (d) stairs or a ladder leading from the landing to a floor of the passenger cabin.|Overhead accommodations for aircraft
09550580|This description relates to a strapped windshield assembly for a rotorcraft. In some implementations, the rotorcraft includes an airframe, a windshield, and a plurality of independent straps connected to the airframe and the windshield, the straps operative to move independently with respect to one another. The independent movement of the straps allow relative movement of portions of the windshield in response to a strike. In some implementations, the straps are spaced every 4-6 inches along an edge of the windshield. In some implementations, the straps are over an edge of the windshield. The straps can have a modulus of elasticity of 8-12 millions of pounds per square inch (MSI). The windshield can include polycarbonate material.|Strapped windshield assembly for rotorcraft
09550581|A protective cover for an aircraft engine comprises a lower portion mountable to a corresponding lower portion of an opening of the engine, and an upper portion articulated to the lower portion. The upper portion is deployable from a collapsed position to a deployed position in which the upper portion extends upwardly from the lower portion. A handling tool may be used to operate the panel from a remote location on the ground.|Gas turbine engine cover
09551281|A gas turbine engine comprises a hot section module which includes at least one electric probe assembly surrounded by an immediate environment having a local ambient temperature. The at least one electric probe assembly includes an electric probe having a probe body, and a conduit surrounding at least a portion of the probe body. In operation, the conduit carries a fluid flowing at a temperature lower than the local ambient temperature. The at least portion of the probe body is embedded in the fluid inside the conduit. The fluid thermally insulates the probe body from the local ambient temperature of the immediate environment around the at least one electric probe assembly.|Electric probe assembly, gas turbine engine having same and method of cooling same
09551320|A method and system for reducing a torsional movement and/or a torsional loading of a tower of a wind turbine is disclosed includes generating a tower torsion signal with a detection system and providing the signal to an asymmetric load control assembly. The tower torsion signal may correspond to an actual torsional movement of the tower or a torsional loading of the tower. The asymmetric load control assembly is configured to mitigate an asymmetric load acting on the wind turbine using the tower torsion signal.|Asymmetric load control for torsion fatigue reduction in a wind turbine tower
09551321|Systems and methods for controlling a wind turbine are disclosed. The method includes: measuring a loading condition acting on the wind turbine; determining a first scaler factor based on the measured loading condition; determining a correction parameter for the wind turbine, the correction parameter a function of at least two measured operating conditions and representative of a real-time operational state of the wind turbine; determining a second scaler factor based on the correction parameter; calculating an adjustment set point based on the first scaler factor and the second scaler factor; and, controlling the wind turbine based on the adjustment set point.|System and method for controlling a wind turbine
09551491|The invention relates a method for mixing a dilution air with a hot main flow in a sequential combustion system of a gas turbine, wherein the gas turbine essentially comprises at least one compressor, a first combustor which is connected downstream to the compressor, and a second combustor. The hot gases of the first combustor are admitted to at least one intermediate turbine or directly or indirectly to at least one second combustor, wherein the hot gases of the second combustor are admitted to a further turbine or directly or indirectly to an energy recovery device. The method comprises a coaxial injection of first combustor liner cooling air with second combustor liner cooling air, the first combustor liner cooling air having a sufficient excess pressure margin with respect to the second combustor liner cooling air.|Method for mixing a dilution air in a sequential combustion system of a gas turbine
09552000|A bioreactor control system comprises a batch server for controlling a bioreactor system in response to a recipe, a batch software system for generating a control sequence for the bioreactor system via the batch server for implementing the recipe, and a recipe conversion system that inputs the recipe into the batch software system. Preferably, the recipe conversion system reads a word processor file containing the recipe and interprets styles applied to text in the word processor file as indicating equipment and phases of the recipe to the recipe conversion system. Generally, the bioreactor system includes one or more bioreactors and additional hardware to perform the upstream and downstream processing. The document properties of the word processor file containing the recipe are applied as header information for the recipe input into the batch software system. This system solves a problem associated with traditional batching software systems, in which the authoring of recipes on the systems can be relatively arcane. Here, the recipe can be authored on a common word processor.|Batch authoring tool and bioreactor control system
09552350|Ambiguous input of a user received during an interactive session with a virtual agent may be processed. The virtual agent may be presented via a computing device to facilitate the interactive session with the user. The user may provide the ambiguous input, which is processed to determine a response to the input. The virtual agent may provide the response to the user. The virtual agent may also carry out a goal-based dialogue where a goal to be accomplished is identified. The virtual agent may prompt the user for information related to the goal.|Virtual assistant conversations for ambiguous user input and goals
09552550|In one embodiment, a committed information rate (CIR) prediction is received from a machine learning model that corresponds to a predicted average traffic rate supported by a network connection. A traffic shaping strategy is adjusted based on the CIR prediction. A rate at which data is communicated over the network connection may be based on the traffic shaping policy. The effects of the adjusted traffic shaping strategy are also monitored. Feedback is further provided to the machine learning model based on the monitored effects of the adjusted traffic shaping strategy.|Traffic shaping based on predicted network resources
09552551|A spatial and temporal memory system (STMS) processes input data to detect whether spatial patterns and/or temporal sequences of spatial patterns exist within the data, and to make predictions about future data. The data processed by the STMS may be retrieved from, for example, one or more database fields and is encoded into a distributed representation format using a coding scheme. The performance of the STMS in predicting future data is evaluated for the coding scheme used to process the data as performance data. The selection and prioritization of STMS experiments to perform may be based on the performance data for an experiment. The best fields, encodings, and time aggregations for generating predictions can be determined by an automated search and evaluation of multiple STMS systems.|Pattern detection feedback loop for spatial and temporal memory systems
09552811|A computer-implemented method for speech recognition, comprising the steps of: registering (201) by means of an input device (102A), electrical signal representing speech and converting the signal to frequency or time-frequency domain (202), analyzing the signal in an analysis module based on Dynamic Bayesian Network (205) configured to generate hypotheses of words (W) and their probabilities on the basis of observed signal features (OA, OV), recognizing (209) a text corresponding to the electrical signal representing speech on the basis of certain word (W) hypotheses and their probabilities. The method is characterized by inputting to the analysis module (205), observed signal features (308-312), which are determined for the signal in frequency or time-frequency domain (202) in at least two parallel signal processing lines (204a, 204b, 204c, 204d, 201a) for time segments distinct for each line, and analyzing in the analysis module (205) relations between observed signal features (308-312) for at least two distinct time segments in the analysis module (205).|Speech recognition system and a method of using dynamic bayesian network models
09553741|A neural network demodulator is used within a receiver to provide Inter Symbol Interference (ISI) channel equalization and to correct for I/Q/phase imbalance. The neural network is trained with a single integrated training step to simultaneously handle the channel impairments of ISI equalization and I/Q phase imbalance as opposed to prior art methods of separately addressing each channel impairment in sequence.|Adaptive demodulation method and apparatus using an artificial neural network to improve data recovery in high speed channels
09554790|Minimaily invasive surgical retractors and methods of using the retractors are provided. This retractor may be introduced through a sealed port, controlled by a robotic system, have full articulation, and need not require assembly within the patient's body. As a result, fully endoscopic mitral valve surgery may be performed.|Robotic endoscopic retractor for use in minimally invasive surgery
09554860|A path-following robot, such as for creating a path to a target surgical site, includes a series of interconnected elements including a lead element at one end thereof, and a plurality of actuators each operably coupled to one of the plurality of elements. Each actuator is capable of effecting rotational and spherical motion of one element with respect to another element. The actuators are arranged to receive commands which individually control the relative position of one element compared with another element, where a position of the lead element determines a path and corresponding positions for all subsequent elements to create a path-following motion.|Path-following robot
09554861|A medical instrument holding apparatus includes a shaft slidably engaged into a housing and movable into and out of the housing, the housing includes a guiding member engaged with the shaft for guiding and limiting the shaft to slide relative to the housing only and for preventing the shaft from being rotated relative to the housing, a locking device is engaged onto the shaft and includes a positioning member for engaging with an anchoring member of the shaft and for locking the shaft and the housing together, and one or more fasteners are engaged with the housing and the locking device for securing the shaft and the housing together with the locking device.|Medical instrument holding apparatus
09554960|A wearable motion supporting device includes a waist portion frame having a long base portion in a right-left direction of a wearer, a pair of right and left lower extremity frames connected to a lower portion of the waist portion frame, a back portion frame connected to an upper portion of the base portion of the waist portion frame, and a connection portion connecting the back portion frame and the base portion of the waist portion frame. The connection portion is made of a rotational mechanism of one DOF (Degree Of Freedom) on a frontal plane, for example, a four-node link mechanism.|Wearable motion supporting device
09555871|A sandwich structure includes a first skin, a second skin, a first hinge member, and a second hinge member. The first hinge member may be movably coupled to the first skin and a first skin joint. The second hinge member may be movably coupled to the second skin and second skin joint. The first hinge member and the second member may be movably coupled to one another and a member joint located between the first and second skin joint.|Two-surface sandwich structure for accommodating in-plane expansion of one of the surfaces relative to the opposing surface
09555880|A rotor hub assembly for a helicopter includes a rotor hub operably connectable to a shaft of a helicopter. One or more flex beams extend through the rotor hub, with each end of each flex beam operably connectable to a rotor blade. One or more inner bearings are located at the rotor hub to spherically support the one or more flex beams in the rotor hub. A rotor assembly for a helicopter includes a rotor hub operably connectable to a shaft of a helicopter. One or more flex beams extending through the rotor hub and one or more inner bearings are located at the rotor hub to spherically support the one or more flex beams in the rotor hub. A plurality of rotor blades are operably connected to the ends of the one or more flex beams.|Flexbeam rotor
09555881|An apparatus for controlling a rotor of a rotary wing aircraft, including a stationary frame, a rotary propulsion shaft extending through the frame, the propulsion shaft having a first shaft portion and a second shaft portion coupled to the first shaft portion at a joint, the first shaft portion being configured to be coupled to a drive unit and the second shaft portion being pivotable relative to a centerline of the first shaft portion in two degrees of freedom about the joint, and at least one actuator coupled to the stationary frame at one end and connected to the second shaft portion at the other end so that the second shaft portion rotates relative to the at least one actuator, the at least one actuator being configured to pivot the second shaft portion in the two degrees of freedom.|Propeller/rotor control apparatus and method
09555890|A seat integrating a loudspeaker system includes a seat having a seat body having a horizontally oriented seat bottom and a seat back secured thereto. The loudspeaker system includes a sound assembly mounted within the seat back for selective movement between a storage orientation and a use orientation. The sound assembly includes a first support arm and a second support arm. A retraction control mechanism that moves the first support arm and the second support arm between the storage orientation and the extended use orientation. The system also includes a positioning system in communication with the retraction control mechanism, the positioning system including a user interface in the form of a graphical user interface allowing a user to input his or her position within the seat.|Loudspeaker system
09555891|An aircraft passenger seat assembly as described herein is formed from two primary and modular components: a structural frame that provides passenger support and dynamic load paths for the seat assembly; and a comfort frame that provides the passenger seating surface and the external upholstery layer for the seat assembly. If the seat assembly is designed for multiple passengers, then a separate comfort frame is used for each passenger seat location. The structural frame can be formed as a molded composite construction, and the comfort frame can also utilize a molded composite support frame. The support frame is used as a mounting shell for a fabric carrier that includes the external upholstery layer. The modular design and use of composite materials results in a significant weight and parts count savings relative to conventional seat designs.|Modular passenger seat for an aircraft
09555901|A method of protecting a part of a surface of an aircraft against contamination with insect residues and/or against icing is described. The method includes the following steps: a) coating the part of the surface to be protected with a coating that can, within a period of ?3 hours from take-off of the aircraft and in normal flying conditions, reduce the adhesion to the part of the surface to be protected until detachment occurs on the basis of (i) temperature change and/or (ii) UV radiation and/or (iii) addition of a decomposing component and/or (iv) difference in air humidity, and b) exposing the part of the surface to be protected to (i) a temperature change and/or (ii) UV irradiation (iii) and/or addition of a decomposing component and/or (iv) a difference in air humidity, so that the coating together with any contaminants and/or icing thereon detaches.|Method for protecting the surface of an aircraft against contamination with insect residues and/or icing
09556800|An apparatus for controlling an aeroplane gas turbine engine has various sensors and devices for operating the engine, and two control channels each calculating a command value for controlling operation of the engine based on signals outputted from the sensors. In each of the control channels, it is determined whether any of the sensors and devices is abnormal based on the signals to determine a failure level of the control channel concerned with a numerical value. The failure level is compared with that of the other control channel and based thereon, the command value calculated by the control channel of smaller failure level is sent to the devices. With this, even when both control channels are failed, the engine control can be continued with taking the failure level into account.|Control apparatus for aeroplane gas turbine engine
09556850|A method of controlling a wind turbine rotor blade, the blade comprising a pitch axis about which the blade can be pitched, and a flap movable to alter the aerodynamic profile of the blade, the method comprising the steps of: providing a pitch angle request (?) to a pitch actuator; determining an initial flap angle request (ß_flap); providing a decoupled flap angle request (ß) to a flap actuator; herein the decoupled flap angle request (ß) is calculated from the pitch angle request (?) and the initial flap angle request (ß_flap) such that the decoupled flap angle (ß) provided to the flap actuator does not counteract the pitch angle request (?); and pitching the blade according to the pitch angle request (?) and moving the flap according to the decoupled flap angle request (ß).|Method of controlling a wind turbine
09556851|A system for reducing vibration in a wind turbine includes a mass structure having at least one hole extending therethrough; a rod having a top threaded portion, an upper level stop disposed on or below the threaded portion, and a fixed lower level stop disposed below the upper level stop. The mass structure has a designed weight and shape that, in combination with the adjustable axial distance between the upper level stop and the lower level stop, is designed to provide a properly tuned system for a particular frequency. A base having an aperture designed for receipt of the lower level stop therein is configured for attachment to a component of the wind turbine.|System for reducing vibration in a wind turbine
09557050|A nozzle for assemblies and gas turbines is provided. The nozzle exhibits destabilized flame holding characteristics, i.e., the nozzle is unable to stabilize flame up to an equivalence ratio of about 0.65. As a result, flame heat release is delayed resulting in lower peak flame temperatures and correspondingly lower NOx levels. Flame stabilization capability is retained for higher equivalence ratios to support operation of the combustor in other regions of the load range.|Fuel nozzle and assembly and gas turbine comprising the same
09557490|This document discusses, among other things, a connector for an optical imaging probe that includes one or more optical fibers communicating light along the catheter. The device may use multiple sections for simpler manufacturing and ease of assembly during a medical procedure. Light energy to and from a distal minimally-invasive portion of the probe is coupled by the connector to external diagnostic or analytical instrumentation through an external instrumentation lead. Certain examples provide a self-aligning two-section optical catheter with beveled ends, which is formed by separating an optical cable assembly. Techniques for improving light coupling include using a lens between instrumentation lead and probe portions. Techniques for improving the mechanical alignment of a multi-optical fiber catheter include using a stop or a guide.|Optical imaging probe
09557740|The invention disclosed with this Application is a autonomous mobile system comprising: a means of achieving mobility, a means of navigating, a means of providing autonomous power, and a means of providing general purpose computing. In some embodiments, the system comprises a base unit capable of sensing its environment and computing navigation instructions to direct the system to move to particular locations and execute particular functions, as directed by a set of programmed instructions. In some embodiments, a coupling exists on the base unit to attach additional structures and mechanisms. These structures may comprise a means for carrying packages or other items, robotic manipulators that can grab and move objects, interactive audio and video displays for telepresence applications, a means for serving food and drink, etc. These extensions may be designed to be detachable and interchangeable, or may be designed to be permanently attached to the base unit.|Autonomous mobile platform for service applications
09557750|A control system for operating the HVAC systems within a building to control the environmental conditions within a building having an onsite component networked to a remote offsite component. The onsite component monitors the conditions within the building and operates the HVAC systems, while the offsite component can be used by the system provider to communicate updates to the onsite component and monitor the effectiveness of the control algorithms used to operate the HVAC systems. The invention includes the method of providing tailored HVAC related controls, reports, notices and diagnostic services to a client under various subscription plans.|Cloud based building automation systems
09558220|A big data network or system for a process control system or plant includes a big data apparatus including a data storage area configured to store, using a common data schema, multiple types of process data and/or plant data (such as configuration and real-time data) that is used in, generated by or received by the process control system, and one or more data receiver computing devices to receive the data from multiple nodes or devices. The data may be cached and time-stamped at the nodes and streamed to the big data apparatus for storage. The process control system big data system provides services and/or data analyzes to automatically or manually discover prescriptive and/or predictive knowledge, and to determine, based on the discovered knowledge, changes and/or additions to the process control system and to the set of services and/or analyzes to optimize the process control system or plant.|Big data in process control systems
09558340|The invention prevents robots from browsing a Web site beyond a welcome page. When an initial request from an undefined originator is received, the Web site responds to it with a welcome page including a challenge. Then, on receiving a further request from the undefined originator, the Web site can check whether the challenge is fulfilled or not. If fulfilled, the undefined originator is assumed to be a human being and authorized to go on. If the challenge is not fulfilled, the undefined originator is assumed to be a robot, in which case site access is further denied. The invention prevents Web site contents from being investigated by robots while not requiring users to have to log on.|System and method for implementing a robot proof web site
09558441|A system and method 10 that provides legacy software applications 12 to be incorporated into a massively parallel and distribution processing model in the Cloud, with a high performance parallel and distributed computing (cloud) "wrapper" 14 around legacy and current systems to enable, without legacy product code change or invasive addition/editing, the legacy product to access and fully utilize the power and ability of distributed computing within the cloud through a Pneuron "cortex" platform virtual server 10. The system and method also provides the ability to distribute multiple, concurrent instances of the legacy applications, dynamically manage the load volumes, and automatically create and remove new virtual machines based upon demand requirements.|Legacy application migration to real time, parallel performance cloud
09558450|The invention relates to a system for recommending maintenance of helicopter engines depending on the technical condition of the engine, the standard replacement of parts between engines, and the replacement of parts with different parts. The system comprises: a centralized database storing data relating to (i) working condition and working condition indicators, (ii) modifications of the engines, (iii) maintenance plans for the engines, (iv) causes of unscheduled events, (v) maintenance applied to the engines, and (vi) instantiated configurations; means for acquiring the working condition indicators and for updating the working condition data; means for identifying maintenance to be applied to the engines depending on the data; means for generating an alarm for identified maintenance to be performed; means for the digitally-signed updating of the applied maintenance and configuration data according to maintenance operations; and means for deactivating an alarm once the maintenance associated with the alarm is completed.|System for recommending helicopter engine maintenance
09558451|The disclosure relates to a communication client application for running on a user terminal to conduct calls over a network. The client is configured to access a model which models quality of user experience for calls based on a set of technical parameters of each call. The model itself is based on user feedback indicating subjective quality of multiple past calls as experienced by multiple users, modeled with respect to the technical parameters collected from each of the past calls. The model generates a predicted call quality score predicting the quality of user experience for the call given its technical parameters. Based on this process, one or more of the technical parameters of the call can be adapted to try to increase the quality experienced by the user.|Adapting parameters of a call in progress with a model that predicts call quality
09558661|The disclosure includes a method for traffic flow prediction based on data mining on spatio-temporal correlations. The method includes establishing a prediction model, data mining on spatio-temporal correlations, and traffic flow prediction based on spatio-temporal correlated data. The prediction model can be a linear regression model with multiple variables. The data mining on spatio-temporal correlations is based on a multi-factor linear regression model and by means of the optimization method in terms of sparse representation. The data from the spatio-temporal correlated sensors that are relevant to the prediction task are determined automatically. The traffic flow prediction based on spatio-temporal correlated data refers to that the prediction is performed with the input to the prediction model to be the data from the spatio-temporal correlated sensors.|Method for traffic flow prediction based on spatio-temporal correlation mining
09559461|A system for aligning a robotic charging connector with a mating connector includes: a robot comprising a charging connector; a self-aligning robotic charging dock comprising a floating interface assembly, the floating interface assembly comprising a floating interface plate, the floating interface assembly further comprising a mating connector, the mating connector configured to snugly mate with the charging connector, the floating interface assembly further comprising a floating interface configured to align the robotic charging connector with the mating connector, the floating interface comprising a sliding surface configured to move against the floating interface plate as the robot docks with the robotic charging dock.|System and method for aligning a robotic charging connector with a mating connector
09560071|A new device for detection and prevention of an attack on a vehicle via its communication channels, having: an input-unit configured to collect real-time and/or offline data from various sources such as sensors, network based services, navigation applications, the vehicles electronic control units, the vehicle's bus-networks, the vehicle's subsystems, and on board diagnostics; a database, for storing the data; a detection-unit in communication with the input-unit; and an action-unit, in communication with the detection unit, configured for sending an alert via the communication channels and/or prevent the attack, by breaking or changing the attacked communication channels. The detection-unit is configured to simultaneously monitor the content, the meta-data and the physical-data of the data and detect the attack.|Device for detection and prevention of an attack on a vehicle
09560991|A system for establishing a hearing ability model of a hearing ability of a person, includes a data storage configured to store a representation of a distribution of a hearing ability of a population of individuals, and a processor configured to establish a hearing ability model representing a hearing ability of the person based at least in part on (i) information regarding a person's response to a stimulus of a hearing evaluation event, and (ii) the representation of the distribution of the hearing ability of the population.|Efficient evaluation of hearing ability
09561081|A control method of a single-port surgical robot, the single-port surgical robot comprising a slave device including a surgical instrument provided with an elbow and an end effector, and a master device to control motion of the slave device may comprise setting a virtual incision port to an arbitrary position; setting an operating position of the end effector; calculating a target position of the elbow using the set position of the virtual incision port and the set operating position of the end effector; calculating a movement angle of each joint used to move the elbow using the calculated target position of the elbow; and/or calculating a movement angle of each joint used to move the end effector using the calculated target position of the elbow and the set operating position of the end effector.|Control methods of single-port surgical robots
09561590|A system is provided, including one or more servers in communication with a robotic system. The one or more servers may be configured to receive operational data from the robotic system, and determine one or more operational performance metrics based on the received operational data. The system may also include a first computing device in communication with the robotic system including a workstation authoring software application configured to program the given task to be completed by the robotic system, and determine one or more subtasks required for the robotic system to perform the given task. The system may also include a second computing device in communication with the robotic system including an operational dashboard software application configured to control various operations of the robotic system, and provide for display a visual representation of the operational data and the operational performance metrics on an interface of the second computing device.|Distributed system for management and analytics of robotics devices
09561591|A robot motion data processing system has a data extraction module for intermittently extracting restoration motion data from a successive input motion trajectory formed for controlling a motion of a robot, and a data restoration module for restoring an output motion trajectory approximate to the input motion trajectory by using restoration motion data extracted from the data extraction module. The output motion trajectory is restored to satisfy a condition that the robot operating according to the output motion trajectory does not exceed a hardware operation limit of the robot.|Robot motion data processing system using motion data reduction/restoration compatible to hardware limits
09561850|A vertical take-off and landing aircraft includes a propulsion mechanism having a fan for generating lift and thrust, an engine for supplying motive power to the propulsion mechanism, a frame coupling the propulsion mechanism and the engine, seating connected to and suspended from the frame so as to be swingable back and forth relative to the frame, a control stick connected to the frame, and a landing undercarriage connected to the seating, wherein the propulsion mechanism is connected to the frame such that the drive shaft of the fan is directed vertically during landing, and the frame is moved relative to the seating by manipulating the control stick, to change the orientation of the propulsion mechanism. The thrust can be controlled with simple configuration, and take-off and landing can be performed safely even in a small space surrounded by obstacles.|Vertical take-off and landing aircraft
09561851|Methods and apparatus for vertical or short takeoff and landing. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises two or more counter driven rings with one or more airfoils attached. In one variant, there is an upper ring and a lower ring, each with multiple airfoils attached. In one variant, lift is generated largely via ambient air currents, allowing for long term on-station operation of the device.|Vertical short takeoff and landing apparatus
09561861|A power-distribution panel has a circuit-breaker panel that is completely separable from an aircraft and from a back chassis connected to the aircraft. The back chassis is mechanically mounted to the aircraft and electrically connected to both a power-supply bus and a power-distribution harness of the aircraft. The circuit-breaker panel can be removably coupled to the back chassis to complete a plurality of circuits from the power supply bus to a plurality the plurality of circuits that receive power via the power-distribution harness. In some embodiments, the circuit-breaker panel can be slideably coupled to the back chassis without the use of tools. Electrical connectors may provide electrically connectivity between the circuit-breaker panel and the back chassis. The electrical connectors may have back chassis portions that align with circuit-breaker panel portions so as to provide such electrically connectivity automatically when the circuit-breaker panel is coupled to the back chassis.|Power-distribution system providing complete separability between a circuit breaker panel and a chassis
09561871|An aerial vehicle docking system includes a landing pad and an aerial vehicle. The landing pad has a concave landing surface and a depression. The aerial vehicle has landing gear and a protrusion. The protrusion is shaped to mate with the depression. The protrusion and the landing gear are positioned on a bottom surface of the aerial vehicle.|UAV docking system and method
09562181|The present invention relates to two-component polyurethane compositions which on the one hand have a long open time and, even after extended exposure to a climate with high atmospheric humidity (e.g., 70% relative humidity), even after 40 minutes and in particular even after 60 minutes, can still be glued and cured to form polymers having high mechanical strength. The composition comprises castor oil, at least one polyol having 5-8 hydroxyl groups, a mixture of two different polyether alcohols and/or polyester polyols on the basis of castor oil or soybean oil and at least one polyisocyanate. The two-component polyurethane compositions are suitable in particular for non-positive filling joints or gaps that are joined by large-surface area structural gluing, in particular of vane half shells of rotor blades for wind power plants.|Adhesive for filling joints and gaps in rotor blades for wind power plants
09562421|A limited entry perforating phased gun system and method for accurate perforation in a deviated/horizontal wellbore is disclosed. The system/method includes a gun string assembly (GSA) deployed in a wellbore with shaped charge clusters. The charges are spaced and angled such that, when perforated, they intersect at a preferred fracturing plane. Upon fracturing, the fractures initiate at least principal stress location in a preferred fracturing plane perpendicular to the wellbore from an upward and downward location of the wellbore. Thereafter, the fractures connect radially about the wellbore in the preferred fracturing plane. The fracture treatment in the preferred fracturing plane creates minimal tortuosity paths for longer extension of fractures that enables efficient oil and gas flow rates during production.|Limited entry phased perforating gun system and method
09562471|A method of resolving a balanced condition that generates control parameters for start-up and steady state operating points and various component and cycle performances for a closed split flow recompression cycle system. The method provides for improved control of a Brayton cycle thermal to electrical power conversion system. The method may also be used for system design, operational simulation and/or parameter prediction.|Method for controlling start-up and steady state performance of a closed split flow recompression brayton cycle
09562521|A hybrid system for electric power generation from solar-thermal energy and wind energy sources is described. The system includes a wind electric power generation system, a solar-thermal generation system and an air compressing system powered by a wind electric power generation system, and a compressed air storage system. A solar-thermal generation system includes two air receivers illuminated by heliostats to heat compressed atmospheric air provided from a compressed air storage system for driving the solar-thermal generation system. The hybrid system also includes a thermal energy storage system storing thermal energy and preheating the pressurized atmospheric air flow provided by the compressed air storage system.|Hybrid system for electric power generation from solar-thermal energy and wind energy sources
09562581|According to one embodiment, a spring tension adjustment device for adjusting tension in a spring includes a rotation feature and a plurality of spring-attachment features. The rotation feature defines a first axis of rotation. Each spring-attachment feature is configured to receive one end of a spring, each spring-attachment feature being located at a different distance from the rotation feature.|Spring tension adjustment mechanism
09562690|An air swirler, a fuel and air admission assembly, and a staged combustor are disclosed. The staged combustor may be equipped with the fuel and air admission assemblies incorporating the air swirlers for use in gas turbine engines, such as for example gas turbine engines powering aircraft having supersonic cruise capability.|Swirler, fuel and air assembly and combustor
09562870|The method CND of non-destructive testing of a wind turbine blade includes: stressing the structure of the blade through a modification of a physical characteristic of a fluid filling the hollow interior volume of the blade; observing zones to be tested of the exterior surface of the blade, with the contactless measurement of a physical parameter on points of the exterior surface of the blade; and comparing the map of the values of the physical parameter measured with a reference map. A corresponding system CND for checking the structural integrity of a wind turbine blade includes an aerothermic device for modifying the physical conditions, temperature or pressure, of a fluid filling the hollow interior volume of the blade, a device for contactless measurement of a physical parameter, temperature or dimensions, of the exterior surface of the blade, and a device for processing the measurements.|Method and device for non-destructive testing of wind turbine blades
09563200|The drone (10) comprises an onboard video camera (14) picking up a sequence of images to be transmitted to a remote control. The user selects an exposure mode such as forward or sideways, panoramic or boom plane, tracking, defining a trajectory to be transmitted to the drone. Corresponding setpoint values are generated and applied to a processing subsystem controlling the motors of the drone. Once the drone is stabilized on the prescribed trajectory (38), the exposure by the video camera (14) is activated and the trajectory is stabilized by an open loop control avoiding the oscillations inherent in a servocontrol with feedback loop.|Method for piloting a rotary wing drone for taking an exposure through an onboard camera with minimization of the disturbing movements
09563601|The present invention provides a force sensor correcting method which is simple and capable of performing correction, with the force sensor remaining mounted at the end of an arm without an exchange of an end effector. In the present invention, a force sensor 1 of one robot 101 has already been corrected, and a force sensor 2 of the other robot 102 is an object to be corrected. First, hands 3a, 3b of a pair of robots 101, 102 are made to abut on each other (abutting step). A detected signal of the corrected force sensor 1 of the one robot 101, generated by execution of the abutting step, is converted into a measured value indicating a force or a moment (measurement step). Based on the measured value obtained in the measurement step, a value indicating a force or a moment acting on the hand 3b of the other robot 102 due to a reaction generated by the abutting step is obtained (calculation step). The conversion data is updated such that a detected signal, outputted by the force sensor 2 as the object to be corrected of the other robot 102 in the abutting step, is converted into an identical value to the value indicating the force or the moment obtained in the calculation step (correction step).|Force sensor correcting method
09563670|Methods, computer readable media, and apparatuses for building data models and performing model-based analytics are presented. A data analytics system may be implemented including software components to provide a data analytics platform and/or a data analytics programming interface. The components of the data analytics system may allow users to create and execute software applications to build data models model-based analytics functionality such as classification and prediction. For example, a programming interface may allow users to build data models of various predetermined model types, such as statistical data models, spatial statistical data models, graphical data models, pattern mining data models, clustering data models, and machine learning data models, among others, based on an input data set. A parallel computing infrastructure, for example, a cloud computing environment, may be used to build data models and perform model-based analytics with distributed processing and distributed storage.|Data analytics system
09563741|Illustrative embodiments of custom knowledgebases and sequence datasets, as well as related methods, are disclosed. In one illustrative embodiment, one or more computer-readable media may comprise a custom knowledgebase and an associated sequence dataset. The custom knowledgebase may comprise a plurality of assertions that have been automatically extracted from a plurality of publications, where each of the plurality of assertions encodes a relationship between a subject and an object. The sequence dataset may comprise a plurality of called biological sequences, where each of the plurality of called biological sequences is associated with one or more of the plurality of assertions of the custom knowledgebase.|Constructing custom knowledgebases and sequence datasets with publications
09563840|A parallel convolutional neural network is provided. The CNN is implemented by a plurality of convolutional neural networks each on a respective processing node. Each CNN has a plurality of layers. A subset of the layers are interconnected between processing nodes such that activations are fed forward across nodes. The remaining subset is not so interconnected.|System and method for parallelizing convolutional neural networks
09563841|Embodiments of the invention relate to a globally asynchronous and locally synchronous neuromorphic network. One embodiment comprises generating a synchronization signal that is distributed to a plurality of neural core circuits. In response to the synchronization signal, in at least one core circuit, incoming spike events maintained by said at least one core circuit are processed to generate an outgoing spike event. Spike events are asynchronously communicated between the core circuits via a routing fabric comprising multiple asynchronous routers.|Globally asynchronous and locally synchronous (GALS) neuromorphic network
09563850|Methods, systems and computer program products for displaying geographical locations with the one or more annotations. In a particular embodiment, a language model is used to obtain the probability distribution of the locations over one or more annotations. Further, the system and the method utilizes the probability data obtained from the language model to determine a probability score for each location over the one or more annotations. Subsequently, one or more geographical locations are displayed on a world map, based on the probability score of the geographical locations over the one or more annotations. In one embodiment, geographical locations may be highlighted using a color code on a heat map overlaid on the world map. The color code may represent the ranking of the geographical locations based on the calculated probability score for each identified geographical location. Further, when the user provides one or more additional annotations, the world map may be dynamically updated to display the relevant geographical locations associated with the updated annotations.|Method and interface for displaying locations associated with annotations
09563851|In an aspect, in general, a programmable computation device performs computations of an inference task specified by a plurality of variables and a plurality of factors, each factor being associated with a subset of the variables. The device includes one or more processing elements. Each processing element includes a first storage for a definition of a factor, a second storage for data associated with the inputs and/or outputs of at least some of the computations, and one or more computation units coupled to the first storage and the second storage for performing a succession of parts of the at least some of the computations that are associated with a factor, the succession of parts defined by data in the storage for the definition of the factor.|Programmable probability processing
09566121|An end effector of a surgical robotic manipulator includes a removeable cutting accessory. The cutting accessory includes a cutting tip and a shaft extending along an axis. A drive member is configured to rotatably drive the shaft of the cutting accessory. An actuator is coupled to the drive member for rotatably driving the drive member. A clutch assembly is supported by and is selectively rotatable relative to the drive member and receives the shaft of the cutting accessory along the axis of the shaft for selectively locking the shaft to the drive member.|End effector of a surgical robotic manipulator
09566711|Device coordinated robotic control technology is described. A network of robotic devices is established. An anthropomorphic motion is sensed from an operator. One or more signals are generated that are representative of at least a portion of the anthropomorphic motion. The one or more signals are converted into a collective set of commands to actuate the network of robotic devices. The collective set of commands is functionally equivalent to the anthropomorphic motion.|Coordinated robotic control
09567021|The present disclosure is directed to robotics, and more particularly to mobile robots capable of climbing stairs in a dynamically stable manner and operate in home environments with one or more of the following features or combinations thereof disclosed herein or in the Detailed Description below.|Dynamically stable stair climbing home robot
09567060|In one embodiment, a non-dedicated, temporarily-installed, aircraft observer bubble door, chair, sonotube ejection system, mission electronics LRU rack and workstation assembly are affixed to a host aircraft, thereby precluding the requirement for dedicated airframe modifications. One embodiment of the present invention also utilizes a multi-axis, articulated, foldable chair temporarily-installed in conjunction with a segmented or one piece pressurized observer bubble door plug and door retraction system. Once installed the subject apparatus can be stowed outboard of the fuselage cargo transit envelope to permit use of the ADS rail system in-flight, without affecting normal air drop operations, crew egress, the flight performance envelope, or emergency procedures of the host aircraft.|Temporarily-installed aircraft observer door plug, chair, sonotube ejection and control system
09567061|A window funnel for an aircraft is provided, which has a ring made of an elastic material, which is arranged by means of an adhesive layer on an outer side of the window funnel, the ring having a hollow profile. The ring serves as a sight screen, light screen and dust screen for the rear side of the window funnel.|Window funnel and window region for an aircraft
09567070|A rotor system for rotor aircraft comprises a rotor hub comprising a plurality of rotor blades, a rotatable rotor mast coupled to the rotor hub, a swashplate assembly comprising a non-rotating ring engaged with a rotatable ring, a plurality of pitch links mechanically coupling the rotatable ring to the plurality of rotor blades, and a swashplate actuator system. The rotatable ring is configured to rotate with the rotor mast, and the non-rotating ring is configured to engage and guide the rotatable ring. The pitch links are configured to control the pitch angle of each rotor blade. The swashplate actuator system consists of: a first actuator and a second actuator, where the first actuator and the second actuator are mechanically coupled to a stationary surface and the non-rotating ring.|Tiltrotor control system with two rise/fall actuators
09567071|An aircraft includes a fuselage, a wing, a ducted fan and a controller. The wing and the ducted fan are coupled to the fuselage. The controller is operable to control the aircraft in a vertical flight mode, a horizontal flight more, and transition the aircraft from the vertical flight mode to the horizontal flight mode.|Vertical take off aircraft
09567080|A method and apparatus for determining actions for entities (4, 6) such that a goal is accomplished constraints are satisfied. The method comprises: determining an initial plan comprising actions that, if performed by the entities (4, 6), the goal would be accomplished; determining that a constraint would not be satisfied if the initial plan was implemented; and iteratively performing steps (i) to (v) until a final plan that accomplishes the goal and satisfies the is determined. Step (i) comprises identifying a constraint that is not satisfied in part of the current plan. Step (ii) comprises determining a remedy that, if implemented, satisfies the identified constraint. Step (iii) comprises updating the goal specification to include the remedy. Step (iv) comprises, using the updated goal specification, determining a further plan that accomplishes the goal and the remedy. Step (v) comprises determining whether or not the further plan satisfies each constraint.|Goal-based planning system
09567081|A package delivery system can be implemented to forcefully propel a package from an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), while the UAV is in motion. The UAV can apply a force onto the package that alters its descent trajectory from a parabolic path to a vertical descent path. The package delivery system can apply the force onto the package in a number of different ways. For example, pneumatic actuators, electromagnets, spring coils, and parachutes can generate the force that establishes the vertical descent path of the package. Further, the package delivery system can also monitor the package during its vertical descent. The package can be equipped with one or more control surfaces. Instructions can be transmitted from the UAV via an RF module that cause the one or more controls surfaces to alter the vertical descent path of the package to avoid obstructions or to regain a stable orientation.|Maneuvering a package following in-flight release from an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)
09567090|A system for pylon attachment for mounting an engine on a structure of an aircraft, or to wings of the aircraft, is provided. The system includes a first attachment mechanism that can be secured to the pylon and a second attachment mechanism that can be secured to the structure of the aircraft. A connection mechanism connects the first and second attachment mechanism. The connection mechanism allows movement of the first attachment mechanism in relation to the second attachment mechanism between first and second positions.|Pylon for mounting an engine on the structure of an aircraft
09567091|A method of preserving rotor speed during a one engine inoperative operation of an rotorcraft, the method can include: detecting a failure of a first engine; monitoring an engine parameter associated with a second engine; using a computer processor to compare the engine parameter to an engine limit; and commanding a decrease collective pitch command when the engine parameter is within a predefined range of the engine limit.|System and method for maximizing aircraft safe landing capability during one engine inoperative operation
09567101|This invention concerns a fuel delivery system for an aircraft engine, including a fuel delivery regulator arranged to receive fuel from a plurality of fuel sources for supply to the engine. An engine operating condition sensor reading is received by a control unit arranged to control operation of the regulator. The control unit actuates the regulator based on a received signal from the engine operating condition sensor in order to vary the volume of fuels from the plurality of fuel sources supplied to the engine during at least a portion of the landing/take-off (LTO) cycle relative to a further portion of the aircraft flight. The different fuels may include kerosene and an alternative fuel, such as a biofuel.|Engine fuel delivery system
09567110|Provided is a testbed for conducting an experiment on a substance in a cryogenic liquid state in a microgravity environment. Such a testbed includes a frame with rectangular nominal dimensions, and a source section supported by the frame for supplying the substance to be evaluated in the cryogenic liquid form. An experiment supported by the frame includes an experiment vessel in fluid communication with the storage tank to receive and condense the substance into the cryogenic liquid state. A sensor senses a property of the cryogenic liquid in the experiment vessel as part of the experiment, and a bus section includes a controller configured to control delivery of the substance to the experiment vessel, and receives property data indicative of the property sensed by the sensor for subsequent evaluation on Earth.|Satellite testbed for evaluating cryogenic-liquid behavior in microgravity
09567111|Herein is disclosed a tool, system and method for refueling on-orbit spacecraft. The tool and system are configured to allow for resupply of spacecraft configured to be propelled by either a bipropellant (oxidizer and fuel) or a monopropellant (typically hydrazine). The refueling tool is particularly suited for resupply of satellites not originally prepared for refueling but the system may also be used for satellites specifically designed for refueling.|System and tool for accessing satellite fill/drain valves during propellant resupply
09567720|An offshore platform for a marine environment includes a regulating tower section supporting at least one offshore wind turbine, at least one buoyancy tube connected between the regulating tower section, the at least one buoyancy tube having a tapered lower end extending to a seabed, and a concrete bed within the seabed. The tapered lower end is a cone-shaped bottom slab having a flat top surface with an apex of the cone-shaped bottom slab pointing downward towards the seabed. The concrete bed includes a reversed cone-shaped indentation to which the cone-shaped bottom slab is to be fixed within that was formed in the concrete bed by the cone-shaped bottom slab prior to the concrete bed hardening to a final design strength.|Offshore platform for a marine environment
09567721|An offshore wind turbine foundation comprising a platform carrying a support for the wind turbine tower in its central region, and a plurality of leg guides in its peripheral region; and a plurality of legs, each of which may be movable between a raised position for transport and lowered positions for resting on the seabed. Each leg is capable of freely sliding in its guide.|Offshore wind turbine foundation, corresponding offshore wind turbine and method for their installation on site
09567910|A fuel manifold and fuel injector arrangement for a gas turbine engine combustion chamber comprises an annular combustion chamber casing arranged around the combustion chamber. A plurality of circumferentially spaced fuel injectors supply fuel into the combustion chamber and a fuel manifold supplies fuel to each of the fuel injectors. The fuel manifold comprises a plurality of flexible fuel pipes and a plurality of T piece connectors. The stem of each connector is mounted on an outer end of a respective one of the fuel feed arms and each flexible fuel pipe interconnects an arm of one connector with an arm of an adjacent connector. Each connector is arranged such that the arms are arranged at angles to the planes containing the axis of the casing and perpendicular to the axis of the casing respectively.|Fuel manifold and fuel injector arrangement for a combustion chamber
09567911|The present invention relates to a power plant for generating electrical power having a burner unit, wherein thermal energy can be produced by burning a fuel, a turbine unit, wherein a rotational movement can be produced with the thermal energy, and a generator unit which is driven by the rotational movement to generate electrical power. The power plant is characterized according to the invention in that in order to produce the thermal energy, in addition to the burner unit, an electric heating unit is provided, through which electrical energy can be converted into thermal energy to drive the turbine unit. In addition the invention relates to a method for generating electrical power.|Power plant and method for generating electrical power
09567970|Diffuser-augmented wind turbines can include a first diffuser ring arranged to form a turbine rotor cowling, the diffuser being fixed to and rotatable with the turbine rotor about the horizontal axis of the wind turbine. The first diffuser ring may have one or more dynamic, aero-elastic, vortex entrainment devices attached to a trailing edge of the diffuser. The first diffuser ring may include one or more slot gaps arranged within its body, each slot gap creating a channel between the interior and exterior surfaces of the first diffuser ring. In some embodiments the diffuser may optionally further include one or more further diffuser rings, the one or more further diffuser rings being static rings (e.g. non-rotatable about the horizontal axis) or dynamic diffuser rings (e.g. rotatable around the horizontal axis).|Wind turbines augmented with rotating diffusers
09567971|A conical fan assembly, having a generally conical support member having an exterior surface and a vertical major axis, and a plurality of generally crescent-shaped fan blades extending from the exterior surface of the support member, wherein the plurality of fan blades define a helix configured to urge a fluid to flow in a spiral flow pattern up and around the support member.|Conical fan assembly for use in a wind turbine for the generation of power
09567980|An arrangement for reducing noise which is generated by a wind turbine blade is provided. The wind turbine blade has a first panel and a second panel. The first and the second panel are arranged at a trailing edge of the wind turbine blade, wherein the first panel is adjacent to the second panel. The first panel includes a first transition zone and the second panel includes a second transition zone. The first transition zone and the second transition zone are engaged in a way that whistle tones produced by a gap of the wind turbine blade, the gap being located between the first panel and the second panel, is reduced or even avoided.|Arrangement to reduce noise originated by a wind turbine blade
09567981|A wind turbine tower is made of reinforced concrete with fiber rovings as reinforcements, wherein the fiber rovings are basalt fiber rovings. In one embodiment, the basalt fiber rovings may include, for example, a bundle of multiple parallel oriented basalt fibers forming a thin rope. In one embodiment, the tower is produced in a slip forming process or slip molding process, wherein the basalt fiber rovings are embedded in the concrete during the slip forming process.|Wind turbine tower and method of production thereof
09568201|A control system may include a thermostat device and boiler control device. The thermostat device may be configured to receive electrical power from second wiring terminals and provide control signals to boiler control device using a second radio when wires are not present in first wiring terminals. The thermostat device may also be configured to receive electrical power from the first wiring terminals and provide the coded control signals to the boiler control device through the first wiring terminals when wires are present in the first wiring terminals. The boiler control device may be configured to receive the control signals from the thermostat device using a third radio and selectively couple the third wiring terminals to fifth wiring terminals to selectively control activation of the boiler-based heating system when wires are not present in fourth wiring terminals.|Environmental control system retrofittable with multiple types of boiler-based heating systems
09568931|A multilayer control framework for a power system includes a hybrid storage system (HSS) to store energy using a plurality of energy storage devices; a local controller coupled to the HSS to smooth output power of wind or photovoltaic energy sources while regulating a State of Charge (SoC) of the HSS; and a system-wide controller coupled to the HSS activated upon an occurrence of one or more energy disturbances with a control strategy designed to improve system dynamics to address the one or more energy disturbances.|Multi-layer control framework for an energy storage system
09569061|An automated process collects and organizes field data from an inspection of a building or other structure such as pipe supports, bridges, buildings, over head supports, and smoke stacks.|System and method for organizing field data obtained through a plurality of devices
09569401|A method to solve large scale linear SVM that is efficient in terms of computation, data storage and communication requirements. The approach works efficiently over very large datasets, and it does not require any master node to keep any examples in its memory. The algorithm assumes that the dataset is partitioned over several nodes on a cluster, and it performs "distributed block minimization" to achieve the desired results. Using the described approach, the communication complexity of the algorithm is independent of the number of training examples.|Parallel training of a support vector machine (SVM) with distributed block minimization
09569721|A system correlates intellectual property analyses, for example, patent claim charts, with respect to analyzed intellectual property and a target product or other intellectual property. Analyses are stored to enable searching and/or creating reports over multiple analyses. Units of the analysis are associated with a context, inherited, e.g., from the intellectual property document's assignment to a relative role within organizational hierarchy; and associated with a context derived from the analysis itself. The analysis and respective documents and/or targets of the analysis can be searched/retrieved/analyzed from the hierarchical analysis, the context analysis, and/or the content of the analysis. This obviates the need to store each analysis as a separate document. The target or annotations may be visually represented by an item such as a thumbnail or hyperlink, and the system automatically associates the item with the appropriate application program.|Computer-implemented method and system for automated infringement and non-infringement claim charts with context associations
09569871|One or more processors receive a dataset that includes a plurality of nodes. One or more processors identify relationships between a plurality of interacting nodes within the dataset. One or more processors determine relationship strength values between a plurality of interacting node pairs within the dataset. One or more processors generate a graphical representation that represents the relationship strength values between the plurality of interacting nodes within the dataset. Interacting node pairs are connected by edges and the edges have a length that correlates with the relationship strength value between the interacting node pairs.|Visualization of relationships and strengths between data nodes
09572520|In a wearable motion assist device, a motion assist device for generating a motion pattern synchronized with a wearer while maintaining a certain phase difference between a motion of the wearer and a motion of the device, and a synchronization based control method for the device are provided. The motion assist device acquires a phase of torque generated by the wearer's motion, applies a value of the phase to a phase oscillator model as an input, performs arithmetic processing, and calculates target torque and a target angle of the device with the motion of the device synchronized with the wearer. It is possible to improve an assisting effect of the device by controlling the device based on the calculated values.|Movement assistance device, and synchrony based control method for movement assistance device
09573181|A spindle mountable camera system connectable to a CNC machine for work piece inspection and identification. The camera system includes a mounting stem connectable to a CNC machine tool holder. The mounting stem includes an air passage connectable to an air supply of the CNC machine. An enclosure is attached to the mounting stem and includes a camera opening. A camera module is disposed within the enclosure and an air supply line is connected between the mounting stem and the camera module. An enclosure cover is pivotably mounted to the enclosure proximate the camera opening. One or more pneumatic cylinders are connected to the air passages and extend between the enclosure and the enclosure cover to move the enclosure cover between an open position and a closed position.|Spindle mountable camera system
09573271|A wearable apparatus for assisting muscle strength includes: a base supported on an upper body of a wearer; a support member coupled to the base and spaced forward at a predetermined distance from the base; and a wire having a first end connected to an arm of the wearer across the support member and supporting the arm of the wearer by lifting the arm in a state of being supported by the support member when a second end of the wire is pulled.|Wearable apparatus for assisting muscle strength
09573281|An industrial robot is provided with a horizontal multistage telescopic device. In the device, a slider is mounted to s base so as to be movable in a first direction and in a second direction which are opposite to each other along the horizontal direction. An output arm has an end in the second direction, the end being provided with an output arm support, and is expanded in the first direction from the output arm support. The output arm support is mounted to a slider so as to be horizontally movable in the first and second directions. The output arm has an end in the first direction, to which an end effector is mounted. A motor is mounted to an end of the slider in the second direction. A rotation transmitting member transmits torque of the motor to a second rotor of a movement mechanism.|Industrial robot provided with horizontal multistage telescopic device
09573670|Methods and apparatuses are disclosed for a self-stabilizing ballonet. A bladder or ballonet is provided within an envelope of a balloon. The bladder includes a spheroid body comprising an equator, a top pole, a bottom pole, and an axis crossing through the top pole and the bottom pole. The distance between two poles may be less than the equatorial distance. The bladder is sized and shaped for insertion into an envelope of a balloon and is inflatable to provide altitude control for the balloon.|Ballonet for a balloon
09573671|An inflation diffuser including a non-rigid first section having a passageway for the passage of lift gas passing through a fill port positioned on a balloon envelope, a porous and non-rigid second section attached to the non-rigid first section, wherein the porous and non-rigid second section is comprised of a mesh material, wherein the non-rigid first section is less porous than the porous and non-rigid second section, and wherein the porous and non-rigid second section is not in contact with the balloon envelope at the end of an inflation process to direct lift gas towards the center of, and away from, the balloon envelope.|Fabric diffuser for high flowrate inflation
09573680|A system and method for robust lift generation through flow separation suppression are presented. A fluid flow is ejected over a lifting surface from a fluid ejection orifice, and a flow direction of the fluid flow over the lifting surface is directed using a plurality of vanes configured in the fluid ejection orifice. The flow direction is rotated in a span-wise direction over the lifting surface by swiveling the vanes.|Method and apparatus for robust lift generation
09573681|A wing-drive mechanism includes at least one sub-mechanism having a motor that drives a drive shaft in a single direction. The sub-mechanism includes a converter means for converting the rotary motion of the drive shaft to a linear or arcuate back-and-forth motion; amplitude control means for controllably varying the extent of the linear or arcuate back-and-forth motion produced by the converter means; and a rotatably mounted output mechanism engaged with the converter means such that when the converter means produces the linear or arcuate back-and-forth motion, a corresponding alternating rotary motion is imparted to the output mechanism. In other embodiments, the invention is also a wing-drive mechanism and a method for configuring pairs of wing-drive mechanisms.|Wing-drive mechanism with unidirectional drive
09573690|A bi-fold valve door and method for controlling aircraft cabin pressure are provided. The bi-fold valve door includes an aft door section and a forward door section, and only the forward door section is selectively rotated about one rotational axis to a position between a closed position and a full-open position, while the aft door section is maintained in its closed position. The forward door section is selectively rotated about the rotational axis to a full-open position to engage the aft door section, while the aft door section is maintained in its closed position. When the forward door section is in the full-open position, the aft door section and the forward door section are simultaneously rotated about another rotational axis.|Thrust recovery outflow valve with a single bi-fold door and method of controlling aircraft cabin pressure
09573691|A ram air canopy includes a top skin, a bottom skin, a plurality of ribs between the top skin and the bottom skin forming a plurality of cells. A leading edge of a cell includes an opening to allow air to enter the cell. A glide vent is disposed in the top skin to allow air the exit the cell.|Method to improve aerodynamic glide of a ram air canopy
09573700|Embodiments of the present invention provide a core of individual components having properties such that a system assembled from the components absorbs the kinetic energy of a moving vehicle. The components may be interlocking components. The components may be manufactured of ceramic or polymeric composite or other materials that are strong enough to absorb the vehicle's energy and help stop the vehicle safely by the system's ability to crush or deform upon impact, and not so strong that it causes the vehicle to crumple against the barrier. In one particular embodiment, the components may be modified packing elements that are traditionally used in gas to liquid columns.|Frangible components and their use in a system for energy absorption
09573701|A method of docking and recharging using a base station and a station-mating frame on the multicopter. The base station includes an upward-facing camera that is used by a docking controller to detect the presence, position, and orientation of a frame, with infrared light-emitting diodes arranged in a predefined pattern. The controller of the base station acts to emit wireless signals to the multicopter to guide the multicopter with its station-mating frame to a predefined position above the base station. The controller transmits a wireless signal to the multicopter to reduce thrust, and the multicopter lowers itself onto a sloped receiving surface that may be arranged in a crown pattern to provide passive gravity-driven centering, which causes the station-mating frame to slide to a lowest vertical point of the receiving assembly. A locking mechanism engages to lock the frame in place and provide electrical contact for recharging.|Robust and autonomous docking and recharging of quadrotors
09574261|A wire arc spray system (100) includes a plurality of arc spray subsystems (130) mounted to a movable carriage (120) on an x-y robot (110). Each arc spray subsystem includes a wire drive (132) that provides wire (133, 134) to a spray head (138) through a pair of lead cables (136). The spray heads are mounted for circular motion, such that the molten spray is applied to an underlying substrate in a swirling pattern. In one embodiment, the spray heads are mounted to a distal end of a rod (164) that extends through a swivel ball joint (166) and engages an eccentric link (162) fixed to a motor (160). The system applies an overlapping pattern of molten spray to provide excellent non-skid and adhesion properties. The system is particularly suited to spray coating with a wire comprising a hollow metallic portion and a core having ceramic particles.|System and method for wire arc spray thermal spraying
09574460|A support arrangement (10) for a transition piece (12) of a gas turbine engine (14). The support arrangement includes a mounting bracket (16) for the transition piece and a pin (18) supporting the mounting bracket in an interior (20) of the gas turbine engine and extending through an opening (22) in a casing (24) to an exterior (26) of the gas turbine engine. The support arrangement further includes a spherical washer (28, 38) positioned between the pin and either the mounting bracket or the casing.|Support arrangement for a transition piece of a gas turbine engine
09574500|A direct metering architecture is provided having a metering pump and a servo pump wherein the metering and servo pumps are driven by an engine shaft by way of a gearbox transmission. The system reduces wasted horsepower previously occurring with oversized fixed displacement pumps, reduces instances of engine flameout and reduces the amount of heat added to fuel which ultimately improves engine oil cooling.|Direct metering using a variable displacement vane pump
09574520|A gas turbine engine for mounting under a wing of an aircraft has a propulsor that rotates on a first axis, and an engine core including a compressor section, a combustor section, and a turbine section, with the turbine section being closer to the propulsor than the compressor section. The engine core is aerodynamically connected to the propulsor and has a second axis. A nacelle is positioned around the propulsor and engine core. The nacelle is attached to the wing of the aircraft. A downstream end of the nacelle has at least one pivoting door with an actuation mechanism to pivot the door between a stowed position and a horizontal deployed position in which the door inhibits a flow to provide a thrust reverse of the flow.|Reverse core engine thrust reverser for under wing
09574550|A support structure for mooring a vertically extending floating wind turbine or the like body has a ring of tether attachment points for connecting respective tethers running down to the seabed. The ring is spaced from the body by a ring of inclined struts running diagonally downwardly and inwardly from the plane of the attachment points.|Support structure for an offshore wind turbine
09574551|Apparatus is provided having one or more SWEGS that may be configured to heat air in a draft power tower arrangement. In a closed loop, cold fluid may be pumped into the SWEGS and heated to a temperature in a range of e.g., 100° C.-300° C., and hot fluid pumped out of the SWEGS. This fluid flows through a heating element (e.g., a radiator or specially designed heat exchanger) that heats the air in the draft power tower arrangement.|Power tower-system and method of using air flow generated by geothermal generated heat to drive turbines generators for the generation of electricity
09574881|A method for controlling an antenna of a mobile communication application system based on double quaternions in MEMS inertial navigation. The method comprises: introducing an antenna control quaternion based on a navigation attitude quaternion; in each interrupt cycle of a navigation computer, updating the two quaternions respectively using a carrier system measured by a gyroscope relative to a rotation vector of an ideal platform coordinate system; in each filter cycle, correcting the error of the navigation attitude quaternion respectively using a Kalman filter; according to the relationship between the attitudes determined by the two attitude quaternions, determining the angular speed in an antenna control instruction; and finally, driving a servo system to rotate at an antenna servo control angle converted by an antenna control quaternion attitude.|Method and system for controlling antenna of mobile communication application system based on double quaternions in MEMS inertial navigation
09575841|An interface between an existing local file system and a data store generates and exports to the data store a versioned file system. The state of the local file system at a given point in time can be determined using the versioned file system. In operation, the interface creates and exports to the data store structured data representations, which correspond to versions of the local file system, as well as actual file system data that these structured data representations represent. A cache associated with the interface stores recently used data and metadata, as well as all write data and metadata waiting to be transferred to the data store. Prior to transfer, one or more data transformations may be applied to the data and metadata. In one embodiment, the data store comprises one or more cloud storage service providers. A content control system is used to configure and manage the interface.|Method and system for interfacing to cloud storage
09575951|A system for the dynamic encoding in a semantic network of both syntactic and semantic information into a common four valued logical notation. The encoding of new information being benign to prior syntactic constructions, tests for N conditionals in time O(C) and allows for the proper quantification of variables at each recursive step. The query/inference engine constructed from such an implementation is able to optimize short term memory for maximizing long term storage in the automaton. In a parallel context this can be viewed as optimizing communication and memory allocation between processes. The self-referencing system is capable of analogically extending knowledge from one knowledge source to another linearly. Disclosed embodiments include machine translation, text summarization, natural language speech recognition natural language.|Methods and systems of four valued analogical transformation operators used in natural language processing and other applications
09576151|According to one embodiment of the present invention, a system for protecting data determines a desired duplication rate based on a level of desired anonymity for the data and generates a threshold for data records within the data based on the desired duplication rate. The system produces a data record score for each data record based on comparisons of attributes for that data record, compares the data record scores to the threshold, and controls access to the data records based on the comparison. Embodiments of the present invention further include a method and computer program product for protecting data in substantially the same manners described above.|Data privacy employing a k-anonymity model with probabalistic match self-scoring
09576240|Techniques for allocating individually executable portions of executable code for execution in an Elastic computing environment are disclosed. In an Elastic computing environment, scalable and dynamic external computing resources can be used in order to effectively extend the computing capabilities beyond that which can be provided by internal computing resources of a computing system or environment. Machine learning can be used to automatically determine whether to allocate each individual portion of executable code (e.g., a Weblet) for execution to either internal computing resources of a computing system (e.g., a computing device) or external resources of an dynamically scalable computing resource (e.g., a Cloud). By way of example, status and preference data can be used to train a supervised learning mechanism to allow a computing device to automatically allocate executable code to internal and external computing resources of an Elastic computing environment.|Execution allocation cost assessment for computing systems and environments including elastic computing systems and environments
09576241|Techniques for customizing knowledge representation systems including identifying, based on a plurality of concepts in a knowledge representation (KR), a group of one or more concepts relevant to user context information, and providing the identified group of one more concepts to a user. The KR may include a combination of modules. The modules may include a kernel and a customized module customized for the user. The kernel may accessible via a second KR.|Methods and devices for customizing knowledge representation systems
09576250|Methods and systems for modeling user arrival and choice in the context of off-street parking solutions. A first component models the arrival and duration of stay of users as a function of time, taking into account different user profiles (or "clusters"), captured by a latent variable. A second component provides a ranking function (for each user cluster), wherein the input features describing the "choice" constitute status variables associated different car park(s), and the output constitutes a preferred car park and a pricing scheme. The system simulates different user behaviors by assuming some standard groups of users will behave similarly. Groups of users or user profiles are learned automatically. The profiles are then employed as a key element for automatically learning a decision function of parking users, and automatically learning one decision function per profile.|Method and system for simulating users in the context of a parking lot based on the automatic learning of a user choice decision function from historical data considering multiple user behavior profiles
09576861|Universal target based inspection drive metrology includes designing a plurality of universal metrology targets measurable with an inspection tool and measurable with a metrology tool, identifying a plurality of inspectable features within at least one die of a wafer using design data, disposing the plurality of universal targets within the at least one die of the wafer, each universal target being disposed at least proximate to one of the identified inspectable features, inspecting a region containing one or more of the universal targets with an inspection tool, identifying one or more anomalistic universal targets in the inspected region with an inspection tool and, responsive to the identification of one or more anomalistic universal targets in the inspected region, performing one or more metrology processes on the one or more anomalistic universal metrology targets with the metrology tool.|Method and system for universal target based inspection and metrology
09577421|The present subject matter is directed to a system and method for operating a wind turbine connected to a power grid. The method includes receiving, via a controller, one or more current feedback signals from one or more electric current sensors of the wind turbine. Another step includes determining, via the controller, if a ground fault is occurring in the wind turbine based on the current feedback signals. In response to detecting a ground fault, the method includes tripping one or more electrical components of the wind turbine and electrically de-coupling the wind turbine from the power grid.|System and method for isolating ground faults in a wind turbine
09577850|The present disclosure relates to control actuation smoothing, and more particularly, to a control actuation smoothing system that smoothes brake actuation. The smoothing may be determined in response to a filter. In various embodiments, the smoothing may enhance brake component performance.|Control actuation smoothing
09578060|In one embodiment, a method includes activating a cross-platform DLP policy for enforcement against a plurality of users on each of a plurality of heterogeneous communications platforms. The method further includes monitoring communications of the plurality of users on each of the plurality of communications platforms for violations of the cross-platform DLP policy. The method also includes, responsive to a detected violation of the cross-platform DLP policy by at least one user on at least one communications platform, dynamically acquiring context information for the detected violation using information associated with the detected violation. In addition, the method includes publishing violation information to one or more designated users. The violation information includes at least a portion of the information associated with the detected violation and at least a portion of the context information.|System and method for data loss prevention across heterogeneous communications platforms
09579790|Computerized appliances may be operated by users remotely. In one implementation, a learning controller apparatus may be operated to determine association between a user indication and an action by the appliance. The user indications, e.g., gestures, posture changes, audio signals may trigger an event associated with the controller. The event may be linked to a plurality of instructions configured to communicate a command to the appliance. The learning apparatus may receive sensory input conveying information about robot's state and environment (context). The sensory input may be used to determine the user indications. During operation, upon determine the indication using sensory input, the controller may cause execution of the respective instructions in order to trigger action by the appliance. Device animation methodology may enable users to operate computerized appliances using gestures, voice commands, posture changes, and/or other customized control elements.|Apparatus and methods for removal of learned behaviors in robots
09579791|A control method of a robot apparatus, the robot apparatus including a link and a pair of actuators, obtaining each driving force command value of each of the actuators, and controlling each of the actuators, the control method including: a torque command value computation step; a change computation step of computing a difference between the joint stiffness command value and a value and performing a computation of subtracting a value from the joint stiffness command value; an iterative step of iterating the computations of the torque command value computation step and the change computation step until the difference converges to a value equal to or smaller than a predetermined value; and a driving force command value computation step to compute each of the driving force command values when the difference is converged to a value equal to or smaller than the predetermined value.|Control method of robot apparatus and robot apparatus
09579800|The invention relates to a hand-held operating device for operating an industrial robot, the device including a graphical operator interface having a touch-sensitive display for displaying at least one virtual operating element, which represents a function for operating the robot, and which can be operated by touching the operating element with a finger of an operating person or a pen, a control unit for controlling the graphical operator interface and for communicating with a robot controller, a haptic mark associated with at least one virtual operating element and designed as a guide, which haptic mark is arranged in a display frame; that surrounds the touch-sensitive display at least in some areas and/or is arranged in frame segments of the display frame and by means of which haptic mark the finger of an operating person or the pin can be guided in the direction of the at least one operating element.|Device and method for operating an industrial robot
09579801|Disclosed is a tactile sensing and integrated vision system that surmounts problems of existing systems. The tactile sensing skin can be formed into any shape, size, or form factor, including large areas. Computer-implemented algorithms can detect position-orientation and force-torque at landmark points for a given object set. The result is a modular sensing system that is highly scalable in terms of price, quantity, size and applications. Such skin technology and associated software can comprise a sensing package that integrates tactile and visual data with accompanying software for state estimation, situational awareness, and automatic control of machinery. The addition of tactile data can serve to constrain and/or augment visual pose estimation methods as well as provide pose estimation to visually occluded objects.|Systems and methods for sensing objects
09580080|An autonomy controller for a vehicle. The autonomy controller detects a user input to enable an autonomous driving mode for the vehicle. In response to the user input, the autonomy controller determines a condition of one or more control interfaces configured to control respective vehicle operations. The autonomy controller may then selectively enable the autonomous driving mode based at least in part on the condition of each of the one or more control interfaces. For example, the autonomy controller may enable the autonomous driving mode only if each of the one or more control interfaces is in a ready condition.|Drive-by-wire control system
09580120|A method and apparatus for moving a robotic vehicle relative to a structure. A set of tracks associated with a base of the robotic vehicle may be deployed. A number of attachment units associated with the set of tracks may be aligned with a corresponding portion of a number of structural members of the structure in a forward sequence as the set of tracks is deployed. The number of attachment units may be secured to the corresponding portion of the number of structural members in the forward sequence.|Method and apparatus for moving a robotic vehicle
09580161|Aspects of the disclosure relate to fabricating balloon envelopes for high-altitude balloons. One or more segments of reinforcing tape are applied to gore segments of the balloon envelope. The segments are arranged in a ring to circumscribe an upper portion of the balloon envelope, and may be affixed by a pressure sensitive adhesive. Should a catastrophic failure of the balloon envelope occur, the reinforcing tape acts as a ripstop to prevent a tear from extending upward toward the apex of the balloon envelope. Tendons secured to the apex and to a base of the balloon envelope are configured to keep the top film of the envelope in a parachute configuration in the event of a catastrophic failure. The reinforcing tape is positioned above an equator of the balloon envelope, for instance approximately ? of the distance down from the apex to the base of the envelope.|Reinforcing ripstop tape for burst mitigation
09580170|An airplane, including a wing and a spiroid wing tip coupled to an end of the wing. The wing includes a wing leading edge and a wing trailing edge. The spiroid wing-tip includes an enclosed loop, which includes a beginning section, an ending section, and a middle section. The beginning section includes a leading edge generally continuous with the wing leading edge. The ending section includes a trailing edge swept rearward with respect to the wing trailing edge. The middle section is between the beginning section and the ending section, and includes a portion extending above a chord plane of the wing.|Split spiroid
09580171|A vertical takeoff and landing craft that utilizes lifting, propulsion and maneuvering (LPM) assemblies comprising a series of blade foils arranged along track elongated loop paths disposed at the sides of a fuselage. These LPM assemblies are provided with control mechanisms enabling lift, attitude changes, altitude changes and directional flight propulsion and control including those needed for hovering as well as vertical takeoff and landing. The LPM assemblies are configured to drive large volumes of air in a manner and scale favorably similar to conventional rotorcraft while in contrast, providing capability for faster flights by eliminating or minimizing speed limiting factors commonly associated with rotorcraft.|Multi-orientation, advanced vertical agility, variable-environment vehicle
09580180|An aircraft environmental control system (ECS) may be configured to operate in first mode and a second mode. The ECS may include an air cycle machine (ACM), a by-pass valve positioned to allow bleed air to by-pass the air cycle machine so that when the by-pass valve is open, the ECS operates in the first mode with bleed air at a first pressure and when the by-pass valve is closed the ECS operates in the second mode at a second bleed air pressure, higher than the first bleed air pressure. A bleed air system controller and ECS controller may be configured to selectively couple high pressure or low pressure bleed air ports of an engine of an aircraft to the ECS and control the by-pass valve position.|Low-pressure bleed air aircraft environmental control system
09580190|A deployable root stiffness mechanism and method increases the bending and torsional stiffness and strength of a tubular slit boom while allowing the slit boom to be flattened and rolled to a compact stowage volume. The slit booms may be flattened and rolled into a compact cylindrical stowage volume and once released, elastically and immediately deploy from the rolled stowed configuration to the final structural tube shape. An embodiment of the disclosed apparatus comprises a base member which is engaging contact with a bottom surface of the tubular slit boom and a reaction member which translates along the base member as the tubular slit boom transitions between the storage configuration to the deployed configuration and between the deployed configuration to the storage configuration. The reaction member provides an opposing reactive force to a load conveyed through the thin-wall construction of the boom. The method provides a means for increasing the bending and torsional stiffness and strength of a tubular slit boom by reacting external loads through the boom walls into a structure which generally conforms to the shape of the boom as it is deployed.|Deployable root stiffness mechanism for tubular slit booms and method for increasing the bending and torsional stiffness of a tubular slit boom
09580191|Vehicles with control surfaces and associated systems and methods are disclosed. In a particular embodiment, a rocket can include a plurality of bidirectional control surfaces positioned toward an aft portion of the rocket. In this embodiment, the bidirectional control surfaces can be operable to control the orientation and/or flight path of the rocket during both ascent, in a nose-first orientation, and descent, in a tail-first orientation for, e.g., a tail-down landing. Launch vehicles with fixed and deployable deceleration surfaces and associated systems and methods are also disclosed.|Control surfaces for use with high speed vehicles, and associated systems and methods
09581031|Method for protecting the surface of wind turbine blades manufactured with composites so as to furnish them with a finish resistant to normally-encountered external agents, namely rain, ice and grime from atmospheric pollution; and comprising one step for surface preparation as well as two steps for primer application and a second coating having a specified thickness.|Method for optimizing the efficiency of wind turbine blades
09581040|A module, configured to generate electric power inside a pipeline, in particular as the pipeline is being laid on the bed of a body of water, has a turbine configured to intercept an airflow fed in a travelling direction; and a rotating electric machine connected to the turbine, surrounding the turbine, and configured to produce electric power.|Module, system and method for generating electric power inside a pipeline
09581081|A system includes a gas turbine engine that includes a turbine section having one or more turbine stages between an upstream end and a downstream end, an exhaust section disposed downstream from the downstream end of the turbine section, and a fluid supply system coupled to the exhaust section. The fluid supply system is configured to route an inert gas to the exhaust section.|System and method for protecting components in a gas turbine engine with exhaust gas recirculation
09581140|An energy storage and recovery system employs air compressed utilizing power from an operating wind turbine. This compressed air is stored within one or more chambers of a structure supporting the wind turbine above the ground. By functioning as both a physical support and as a vessel for storing compressed air, the relative contribution of the support structure to the overall cost of the energy storage and recovery system may be reduced, thereby improving economic realization for the combined turbine/support apparatus. In certain embodiments, expansion forces of the compressed air stored within the chamber, may be relied upon to augment the physical stability of a support structure, further reducing material costs of the support structure.|Storage of compressed air in wind turbine support structure
09581141|Disclosed is a system and method for monitoring wind turbines, generally comprising a microphone for picking up acoustic emissions from a wind turbine and outputting a signal corresponding to the emissions; a filter for splitting the signal into a plurality of signals according to a plurality of frequency bands; and a processor for processing the plurality of signals and generating sound level data corresponding to at least a subset of the frequency bands. The system compares the sound level data with a sound threshold and generates an alarm signal when the sound level data exceeds the sound threshold. Alternatively, the system may include different thresholds corresponding to the different frequency bands, and an alarm can be generated when one or more of the different thresholds are exceeded by the different signals in the different frequency bands.|Early detection of wind turbine degradation using acoustical monitoring
09581220|An actuator for controlling joint movement of a robot includes a first deceleration module and a second deceleration module, which receives and outputs driving force by being in gear with the first deceleration module. The first deceleration module includes a driving motor, a first print circuit board for controlling the driving motor by feeding back the output of the second deceleration module, at least one first reduction gear which is rotated by a driving motor, and a housing on which the driving motor, the first print circuit board, and the first reduction gear are mounted. The second deceleration module includes at least one other reduction gear, which rotates by being in gear with the first reduction gear, and a case on which the second reduction gear is mounted and which is connected to the housing.|Separable actuator
09582000|A robot cleaner is accessed to a terminal through a network. A situation inside a house can be real-time checked from the outside, and the situation can be rapidly handled according to a state of the robot cleaner. The robot cleaner can patrol a predetermined region or move to a user's desired location, and can provide, to the user through the terminal, images captured on a moving path or the user's desired location. The robot cleaner can provide image information captured during the cleaning to the terminal. And, the terminal can video-record the image information.|Robot cleaner, and system and method for remotely controlling the same
09582470|According to an embodiment, there is provided a plurality of spiral antenna elements that are generated using algorithms taught herein that can be implemented in hardware or software. Embodiments utilize symmetric combinations of 2 or 3 such spiral elements on a substrate or within computer memory to create an array. Each of the antenna elements is in the form of expanding spiral (non-logarithmically expanding) and contains at least six turns. Among the suitable spirals are Fermat, and/or Cornu (Euler) and/or Archimedes and/or other non-logarithmically expanding spirals in any combination. As an article of manufacture, the antenna array may be incorporated into a chip, such as might be found in a cell phone or other CPU based product, or printed or otherwise mounted on an article of clothing, for example.|Antenna apparatus and software for emulating same
09582490|A collection of data that is extremely large can be difficult to search and/or analyze. Relevance may be dramatically improved by automatically classifying queries and web pages in useful categories, and using these classification scores as relevance features. A thorough approach may require building a large number of classifiers, corresponding to the various types of information, activities, and products. Creation of classifiers and schematizers is provided on large data sets. Exercising the classifiers and schematizers on hundreds of millions of items may expose value that is inherent to the data by adding usable meta-data. Some aspects include active labeling exploration, automatic regularization and cold start, scaling with the number of items and the number of classifiers, active featuring, and segmentation and schematization.|Active labeling for computer-human interactive learning
09582711|A robot cleaner is provided. The robot cleaner includes a camera obtaining an image including a user; and a control unit extracting, an arm image including an arm, from the image obtained by the camera, calculating an angle of an arm of an user from the arm image, and determining a function intended by the angle of the arm calculated to control execution of the function.|Robot cleaner, apparatus and method for recognizing gesture
09582760|Disclosed is a novel system, and method to evaluate a prediction of a possibly unknown outcome out of a plurality of predictions of that outcome. The method begins with accessing a particular prediction of an outcome out of a plurality of predictions of that outcome in which the outcome may be unknown. Next, a subsample of the plurality of predictions of the outcome is accessed. The subsample can possibly include the particular prediction. A consensus prediction of the outcome based on the subsample of the plurality of predictions is determined. A proximity of the particular prediction to the consensus prediction is determined. Each prediction is ranked out of the plurality of predictions in an order of a closest in proximity to the consensus prediction to a farthest in proximity to the consensus prediction.|Evaluation of predictions in the absence of a known ground truth
09582761|Systems and methods for performing analyses on data sets to display canonical rules sets with dimensional targets are disclosed. A cross-corpus rule set for a given Topic can be generated based on the entire corpus of data. A first dimensional rule set can be generated based on a first context (e.g., based on the same Topic but using a first sub-domain of the corpus of data). A second dimensional rule set can be generated based on a second context (e.g., based on the same Topic but using a second sub-domain of the corpus of data). Key dimensional differentiators (e.g., for each dimension, or context, of the Topic) can be determined based on a comparison of the general rule set, the first dimensional rule set, and the second dimensional rule set. A canonical rule set visualization can be displayed. The visualization can highlight the dimensional selectors (e.g., those tokens, or nodes, that differ between the first dimensional rule set and the second dimensional rule set).|Generating and displaying canonical rule sets with dimensional targets
09582770|Techniques are described herein for classifying an electronic message with a particular project from among a plurality of projects. In some embodiments, first and second users associated with the electronic message are identified, and one or more first projects associated with the first user and one and more second projects associated with the second user are determined. Projects that are in common between the first projects and the second projects are determined. When only a single project is in common, the electronic message is associated with the single project. When more than a single project is in common, features associated with each of the projects found to be in common are analyzed by a machine learning model to determine the most likely project to associate with the electronic message from among the projects found to be in common.|Enhancement of machine learning techniques for an electronic message system
09582781|Embodiments are directed to managing operations. If Operations events are provided, event clusters may be associated with one or more Operations events, such that the Operations events may be associated with the event clusters based on characteristics of the Operations events. Metrics including resolution metrics, root cause analysis, notes, and other remediation information may be associated with the event clusters. Then a modeling engine may be employed to train models based on the Operations events, the event clusters, and the resolution metrics, such that the trained model may be trained to correlate and predict the resolution metrics from real-time Operations events. If real-time Operations events may be provided, the trained models may be employed to predict the resolution metrics that are associated with the real-time Operations events. If model performance degrades beyond accuracy requirements, new observations may be added to the training set and the model re-trained.|Real-time adaptive operations performance management system using event clusters and trained models
09583940|Method, modules and a system formed by connecting the modules for controlling payloads are disclosed. An activation signal is propagated in the system from a module to the modules connected to it. Upon receiving an activation signal, the module (after a pre-set or random delay) activates a payload associated with it, and transmits the activation signal (after another pre-set or random delay) to one or more modules connected to it. The system is initiated by a master module including a user activated switch producing the activation signal. The activation signal can be propagated in the system in one direction from the master to the last module, or carried bi-directionally allowing two way propagation, using a module which revert the direction of the activation signal propagation direction. A module may be individually powered by an internal power source such as a battery, or connected to external power source such as AC power. The system may use remote powering wherein few or all of the modules are powered from the same power source connected to the system in a single point. The power may be carried over dedicated wires or concurrently with the conductors carrying the activation signal. The payload may be a visual or an audible signaling device, and can be integrated within a module or external to it. The payload may be powered by a module or using a dedicated power source, and can involve randomness associated with its activation such as the delay, payload control or payload activation.|Sequentially operated modules
09583981|An armature assembly comprising an armature body and a number of armature ring segments mounted on the armature body, wherein the armature assembly comprises a number of insertion interface elements and a number of complementary receiving interface elements for mounting an armature ring segment onto the armature body; whereby an insertion interface element is realized to engage with a complementary receiving interface element in a direction essentially parallel to a rotation axis of the armature; and wherein an insertion interface element is formed as an integral part of the armature body or as an integral part of an armature ring segment. A method of assembling an armature is also described, and a wind turbine comprising such an armature assembly is provided.|Armature assembly, armature ring segment and an armature handling appartus for a generator having insertion interface elements for mounting to complementary receiving interface elements
09586320|A method includes the following steps: actuating a robotic arm to perform an action at a start position; moving the robotic arm from the start position toward a first position; determining from a vision process method if a first part from the first position will be ready to be subjected to a first action by the robotic arm once the robotic arm reaches the first position; commencing the execution of the visual processing method for determining the position deviation of the second part from the second position and the readiness of the second part to be subjected to a second action by the robotic arm once the robotic arm reaches the second position; and performing a first action on the first part using the robotic arm with the position deviation of the first part from the first position predetermined by the vision process method.|System and method for controlling a vision guided robot assembly
09586321|A robot includes a grasping unit and performs an action based on: first imaging information of the grasping unit which does not grasp an object to be grasped in a first point; second imaging information of the grasping unit which does not grasp the object to be grasped in a second point which is different from the first point; and third imaging information of the object to be grasped which is grasped by the grasping unit in the first point.|Robot, control method of robot, and control device of robot
09586670|A windshield mounting assembly, comprising a windshield that is adapted to be arranged on an associated vehicle frame, the windshield comprising at least one edge that is provided with at least one lateral recess; at least one mounting frame that is attached to the windshield and adapted for mounting of the windshield to the associated vehicle frame, the mounting frame comprising at least one fastener receiving opening that is arranged in the region of the lateral recess and adapted to receive an associated frame fastener; and a bonding interface that is arranged at least partially between the edge of the windshield and the mounting frame, the bonding interface attaching the edge to the mounting frame.|Windshield mounting assembly
09586671|The invention relates to a unitary floor panel (1) for a means of transportation, comprising a self-supporting plate (2) having a smallest dimension, called the thickness, extending along a first direction of the self-supporting plate (2), and two larger dimensions extending along two directions that are orthogonal to each other and orthogonal to the thickness; the self-supporting plate (2) having two opposite sides, called main sides, that extend substantially parallel to the two orthogonal directions; characterized in that the panel comprises at least one beam (5) securely fastened to the self-supporting plate (2) and having an axis of elongation parallel to at least one first main side of the self-supporting plate (2), each beam (5) being designed to increase the flexural strength of the unitary panel (1) along the axis of elongation of the beam (5).|Unitary panel for the floor of a vehicle, floor, and vehicle including such a unitary panel
09586680|An abutment mechanism for limiting the flapping of the blades of a rotor (1). High abutment members (6) can be moved into an engagement position by return means (13) exerting an intrinsic return force (R), and into a disengagement position by a flyweight (10) exerting a centrifugal force (C) under the effect of the rotor (1) rotating. At least one magnetic type bistable latch (15) is in selective engagement with the high abutment members (6). When the rotor (1) is stationary and while it is starting to rotate, an engagement latch (15) engages with the high abutment member (6) to prevent it passing from the engagement position towards the disengagement position. At a predetermined centrifugal force threshold, the engagement of the engagement latch (15) with the high abutment member (6) is broken, and the high abutment member (6) quickly passes into the disengagement position.|Rotocraft rotor including a flapping abutment mechanism for blades hinged on a hub of the rotor
09586681|An autopilot actuator includes first and second motors each including a rotatable motor output shaft such that either one or both of the motors can drive an actuator output shaft. An autopilot main unit enclosure is removably mounted to the helicopter proximate to a cyclic control and commonly houses autopilot actuators as well as main autopilot electronics. A cyclic vibration isolator is removably supported by an actuator shaft for co-rotation and coupled to the cyclic control to attenuate a cyclic vibration frequency at the actuator shaft while output rotations of the actuator shaft below a resonant frequency are coupled to the cyclic control. A force limited link includes first and second ends and a variable length between. The force limited link having a relaxed length when less than an unseating force is applied and the variable length changes when an applied force exceeds the unseating force to permit pilot override.|Rotorcraft autopilot system, components and methods
09586690|A control for a hybrid turbo electric aero-propulsion system prioritizes and optimizes the operating parameters, according to a desired optimization objective, for and across a number of different control optimization subsystems of the hybrid turbo electric aero-propulsion system. The control subsystems may include, for example, a propulsion control optimization subsystem and a power plant control optimization subsystem. The optimizations may be based on a system model, which is developed and updated during the operation of the hybrid turbo electric aero-propulsion system.|Hybrid turbo electric aero-propulsion system control
09586691|A power plant (1) having two engine groups (10, 20) and a main gearbox (MGB) (2), and a rotary wing aircraft (30) having such a power plant (1). Each engine group (10, 20) drives said MGB (2) mechanically to rotate a main outlet shaft (3) and, consequently, a main rotor (31) of said aircraft (30) at a frequency of rotation NR. A first engine group (10) has two main engines (11, 12) and is by a first setpoint NR* for said frequency of rotation NR, while a second engine group (20) has one secondary engine (21) and is regulated by a second setpoint W(sub)1* for power from said second engine group (20). The first engine group (10) is also regulated by a third setpoint W(sub)2f* for anticipating power such that said first engine group (10) and said second engine group (20) deliver the power needed at said main rotor (31).|Regulated three-engined power plant for a rotary wing aircraft
09586700|A launch system comprises a nose section comprising a nose coupling surface, a tail section comprising a tail coupling surface facing the nose coupling surface and a mast coupling the nose and tail sections. The mast is configured to expand and retract to displace the nose and tail sections within a range of distances from one another. In a retracted state, the nose and tail sections are either structurally coupled to one another at the nose and tail coupling surfaces or structurally coupled to at least one integrated module located between the nose and the tail sections.|Space shuttle orbiter and return system
09586701|An electron acceleration device using thermionic fission cells and an electromagnetic scoop coil for power. A power control junction and electron injector control that feeds free electrons in packets into the acceleration components that consist of a series of induction linac module units, having quadrupole magnet units in series between the induction module units. Has on-board xenon gas for a deep space electron source. At the high speed electrons exit from the device, deflector plates control the exit path of the electrons to direct the course of a craft.|Electron propulsion engine
09587560|A jet engine includes at least one oil separator, through which an air-oil volume flow can be guided out of several areas supplied with oil for separating the oil, where a device for spraying oil into the air-oil volume flow is provided. Oil can be sprayed in using the device in the area of each connection between an area supplied with oil and the oil separator and/or downstream of a combining area between at least two air-oil volume flows from two or more areas supplied with oil.|Jet engine with at least one oil separator
09587630|An airborne wind energy system with a rotational wing, comprising at least two airfoil blades of rigid, soft or mixed type, with appropriate controls, with a launch/landing perch and/or lighter than air balloon. An AWES blade, getting wider and thicker toward the external tip. A method of launching a pair of airborne wings.|Rotor kite wind energy system and more
09587631|A combined vertical axis wind turbine (VAWT) and vertical axis solar turbine (VAST) is disclosed. The apparatus has a plurality of counter rotating solar/wind collection panels which are mounted on respective counter rotating collars. The orientation of the panels is controlled by servo motors. Torque from the counter rotating collars is combined by a set of gears with the combined torque driving rotation of a power collecting column. Torque from the power collecting column is transmitted to a power transfer column through gears in a gearbox and then to a flywheel which has an armature as part of a motor generator whereby mechanical energy can be converted to electrical energy with the motor generator. Solar energy from the PV panels is routed to a power conditioning unit which is also connected to the motor generator.|Vertial axis wind/solar turbine
09587831|A cooled combustor seal having a plurality of channels enabling cooling air to pass from outside of a combustion chamber to cool an area inside the combustion chamber around the seal is disclosed. The channels may be provided through a slider, a housing, and/or a washer of the combustor seal. One set of channels or multiple of sets of channels may be provided in the combustor seal. Each of these sets of channels may be in the slider, housing, or washer. The cooled combustor seal may be used in conjunction with an igniter to purge a cavity between the seal and the igniter.|Cooled combustor seal
09588580|A system and method for problem solving in multiple domains on the web is provided. Two facets of preference are applied regardless of domain: first, criteria selected by the user which indicates which elements relate to the user, and second, level of importance to the user. For each decision aid that the user saves to his/her member account, a series of methods applied thereto assist the user in making decisions through intelligent agent expertise, as well as through related eCommerce, social networking, guided content search and delivery of context-rich content. Relevancy of results is also calculated. Depending on characteristics inherent in a particular domain, one of two primary methods is employed. The Multi-Product method uses ontology and a neural network engine to reveal the subset of relevant results based on any combination of user inputs, implicitly and explicitly derived. The Single-Product method maps inputs to results using sub-category analysis of fit and then applies user-centric filters and discounting rules to return meaningful coaching and relevancy of results.|System and method for single domain and multi-domain decision aid for product on the web
09588911|In a semiconductor device which calculates an interaction model, a technique capable of executing interaction calculation in non-synchronization with a clock is provided. The semiconductor device includes a plurality of units each of which includes: a first memory cell for storing a value indicating a state of one node of an interaction model; a second memory cell for storing an interaction coefficient indicating an interaction from a node connected to the one node; and an interaction calculation circuit for determining a value indicating a next state of the one node based on a current determined by a value indicating a state of the connected node and the interaction coefficient.|Semiconductor system for implementing an ising model of interaction
09588940|The systems, devices, articles, and methods generally relate to sampling from an available probability distribution. The samples maybe used to create a desirable probability distribution, for instance for use in computing values used in computational techniques including: Importance Sampling and Markov chain Monte Carlo systems. An analog processor may operate as a sample generator, for example by: programming the analog processor with a configuration of the number of programmable parameters for the analog processor, which corresponds to a probability distribution over qubits of the analog processor, evolving the analog processor, and reading out states for the qubits. The states for the qubits in the plurality of qubits correspond to a sample from the probability distribution. Operation of the sampling device may be summarized as including updating a set of samples to include the sample from the probability distribution, and returning the set of samples.|Sampling from a set of spins with clamping
09589210|A system for automated geospatial image analysis comprising a deep learning model module and a convolutional neural network serving as an automated image analysis software module. The deep learning module receives a plurality of orthorectified geospatial images, pre-labeled to demarcate objects of interest, and optimized for the purpose of training the neural network of the image analysis software module. The module presents marked geospatial images and a second set of unmarked, optimized, training geospatial images to the convolutional neural network. This process may be repeated so that an image analysis software module can detect multiple object types or categories. The image analysis software module receives a plurality of orthorectified geospatial images from one or more geospatial image caches. Using multi-scale sliding window submodule, image analysis modules scan geospatial images, detect objects present and locate them on the geographical latitude-longitude system. The system reports the results in the requestor's preferred format.|Broad area geospatial object detection using autogenerated deep learning models
09589230|Activity-related data associated with a subject entity is obtained. Weight values are assigned to portions of the obtained activity-related data, wherein the weight values range between a low entity location-predictive weight value to a high entity location-predictive weight value, and wherein the portions of obtained activity-related data form a plurality of data paths. The assigned weight values are added along each data path of obtained activity-related data to compute a plurality of data path weight values. A past, present and/or future location of the subject entity is determined based on a selection of one of the plurality of data path weight values. For example, the location associated with the data path with the highest data path weight value is selected as the location of the subject entity.|Entity location traceability and prediction
09589231|A method for diagnosis assistance exploits similarity between a new medical case and existing medical cases and experts when embedded in a common embedding space. Different types of queries are provided for, including a query-by-cases and a query-by-experts. These may be associated with different cost structures that encourage the requester to use the query-by-cases first and seek expert assistance if this proves unsuccessful. Depending on whether the query-by-cases or query-by-experts is requested, a subset of the existing cases or experts is identified based on the similarity of their representations, in the embedding space, with a representation of the new case in the embedding space. There may then be provision for communicating the new case to a selected one or more of the subset of experts for the expert to attempt to provide a diagnosis.|Social medical network for diagnosis assistance
09590420|Method, modules and a system formed by connecting the modules for controlling payloads are disclosed. An activation signal is propagated in the system from a module to the modules connected to it. Upon receiving an activation signal, the module (after a pre-set or random delay) activates a payload associated with it, and transmits the activation signal (after another pre-set or random delay) to one or more modules connected to it. The system is initiated by a master module including a user activated switch producing the activation signal. The activation signal can be propagated in the system in one direction from the master to the last module, or carried bi-directionally allowing two way propagation, using a module which revert the direction of the activation signal propagation direction. A module may be individually powered by an internal power source such as a battery, or connected to external power source such as AC power. The system may use remote powering wherein few or all of the modules are powered from the same power source connected to the system in a single point. The power may be carried over dedicated wires or concurrently with the conductors carrying the activation signal. The payload may be a visual or an audible signaling device, and can be integrated within a module or external to it. The payload may be powered by a module or using a dedicated power source, and can involve randomness associated with its activation such as the delay, payload control or payload activation.|Sequentially operated modules
09590720|Systems and methods for detecting an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Network access (for example, to the Internet) may be provided by detecting a UAV and fixing one or more beams from one or more ground terminals to the UAV. In one embodiment, the detection of a UAV includes forming and pointing beams from a ground terminal and ground gateways toward the UAV. The ground terminal may be configured to autonomously steer its antenna beam during initial installation to detect the reference signal from a UAV. In one variant, the ground terminals are steered to more finely track the position of the UAV based on a signal quality metric such as received signal strength. In one embodiment, the ground terminal antenna is initially manually pointed toward the UAV, and thereafter allowed to automatically steer to track the position of the UAV.|Ground terminal and gateway beam pointing toward an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) for network access
09591010|A security platform employs a variety techniques and mechanisms to detect security related anomalies and threats in a computer network environment. The security platform is "big data" driven and employs machine learning to perform security analytics. The security platform performs user/entity behavioral analytics (UEBA) to detect the security related anomalies and threats, regardless of whether such anomalies/threats were previously known. The security platform can include both real-time and batch paths/modes for detecting anomalies and threats. By visually presenting analytical results scored with risk ratings and supporting evidence, the security platform enables network security administrators to respond to a detected anomaly or threat, and to take action promptly.|Dual-path distributed architecture for network security analysis
09591580|In one embodiment, a method includes receiving data corresponding to a set of sensor values and one or more indicators that each correspond to one of a number of physical states of a client device. The client device includes a first and second set of sensors. The method also includes generating a number of functions that each determine a probability that the client device is in a respective one of the physical states. The determination includes correlating the set of sensor values with a corresponding physical state of the client device. A first function of the number of functions is based on sensor values of the first set of sensors. A second function of the number of functions is based on sensor values of the second set of sensors. The method also includes sending the number of functions to the client device.|Adjusting mobile device state based on user intentions and/or identity
09592480|An inner premix tube for a fuel injector of a gas turbine engine includes a transition end, a tip end, and a premix tube inner surface. The transition end includes an annular disk portion with an annular disk shape and a redirection portion extending radially inward and axially from the annular disk portion. The transition end also includes a plurality of wipe passages extending through the transition end. The tip end includes a cylindrical portion with a hollow right circular cylinder shape. The premix tube inner surface is a radially outer surface including the redirection portion outer surface and the cylindrical portion outer surface.|Inner premix tube air wipe
09592610|A remote controller enables a user to manipulate behavior of a robot so that the robot does not stray away from a given area and also avoids contact with an object. If a route designated by the user satisfies a stable movement requirement, a first command signal is transmitted from the remote controller to the robot. By doing so, it is possible to move the robot according to the designated route. On the other hand, if the route designated by the user does not satisfy the stable movement requirement, the first command signal is not transmitted from the remote controller to the robot. Therefore, it is possible to stop the robot from moving according to the designated route, and further to avoid the situation where the robot strays away from the designated region, or comes into contact with the object.|Remote controller
09592611|A workpiece mounting system mounts a sunroof member to an inner panel of a body. The workpiece mounting system is provided with a first robot, a second robot, and a control device for controlling the first and second robots. The control device performs a step of calculating as positional information the position of the sunroof member and the position of the inner panel by a CCD camera of the first robot, a step of holding and conveying the sunroof member by the first robot on the basis of the positional information and positioning the sunroof member relative to the inner panel, a step of temporarily fixing the sunroof member to the inner panel by the first robot, and a step of finally fixing the sunroof member to the inner panel by the second robot on the basis of the already calculated positional information.|Workpiece mounting system, workpiece mounting method, sunroof unit holding device, and sunroof unit holding method
09592650|A composite laminate comprises a plurality of plies of reinforcing fibers. At least some of the plies have reinforcing fibers oriented at ±a with respect to an axis of primary loading, where a is between 2 and 12 degrees. At least some of the plies have reinforcing fibers oriented at ±ß with respect to the axis of primary loading, where ß is between 50 and 85 degrees.|Composite laminate including beta-reinforcing fibers
09592651|A composite structure having a base charge and an outer channel charge is provided. The outer channel charge has an inner radius and an outer radius. A charge of plies adjacent to the inner radius reduces the inner radius.|Composite structures having reduced area radius fillers and methods of forming the same
09592900|A method for producing a connecting element for at least two components of an aircraft structure. A hollow initial profile is formed comprising a wall following a closed path in the initial profile cross-section. The wall has a first, second and third section. Material is removed from the wall in one region of the initial profile, to obtain one opening in the one region, the opening extending at least partially within the first section. A portion of the second section and a portion of the third section form part of the connecting element and are each formed so as to be adapted to at least partially abut against the structure. The one opening is formed such that material initially forming part of the wall in the first section and remaining after the formation of the opening forms a stabilizing section connecting the portions of the second and third sections.|Method for the production of a connecting element, connecting element, and aircraft or spacecraft
09592901|A structural joint includes a first member having a first base portion and a first leg portion. The structural joint further includes a second member having a second base portion and a second base portion. The first base portion and the second base portion are coupled together at an overlapping portion. The first leg portion and the second leg portion form a cavity for structurally coupling to a structural member.|Multi-directional load joint system
09592910|An aerial vehicle may be equipped with propellers having reconfigurable geometries. Such propellers may have blade tips or other features that may be adjusted or reconfigured while the aerial vehicle is operating, on any basis. Propellers having reconfigurable blade tips joined to blade roots may cause the blade tips to be aligned with the blade roots, or substantially perpendicular to the blade roots, e.g., in order to counter adverse effects of tip vortices, or at any intervening angle. The propellers may be reconfigured at predetermined times during operation of an aerial vehicle, or upon sensing one or more operational characteristics or environmental conditions, as may be desired or required.|Geometrically reconfigurable propellers
09592911|Systems and methods for controlling an unmanned aerial vehicle within an environment are provided. In one aspect, a system comprises one or more sensors carried by the unmanned aerial vehicle and configured to provide sensor data and one or more processors. The one or more processors can be individually or collectively configured to: determine, based on the sensor data, an environment type for the environment; select a flight mode from a plurality of different flight modes based on the environment type, wherein each of the plurality of different flight mode is associated with a different set of operating rules for the unmanned aerial vehicle; and cause the unmanned aerial vehicle to operate within the environment while conforming to the set of operating rules of the selected flight mode.|Context-based flight mode selection
09592961|A robot-enabled method of picking cases in a warehouse is provided. A robotic vehicle includes a processor configured to access a memory, a user input device, an output device, and a load platform, and has access to an electronically stored representation of a warehouse. The representation includes a map that defines aisles for storing items arranged as pick faces within the warehouse. A pick list is generated from an order; the pick list provides identifications of items to be picked to fulfill the order. Determined from the pick list is a plurality of stops at pick faces associated with the items. A route within the map is generated that includes the plurality of stops. The robotic vehicle iteratively guides itself along the route and automatically stops at each of the plurality of stops to enable loading of the items from the pick list onto the load platform.|Robot-enabled case picking
09593670|A method for reducing noise generated by a wind turbine includes measuring a reference temperature of the wind turbine. The method also includes regulating a trailing edge surface temperature of a trailing edge portion of a rotor blade attached to the wind turbine. In addition, the method includes measuring the trailing edge surface temperature. Further, the method includes regulating the trailing edge surface temperature to maintain a predetermined temperature differential between the reference temperature and the trailing edge surface temperature.|System and methods for reducing wind turbine noise
09593671|A system for transmitting signals, including a device for transmitting data between a movable and stationary portion of a windmill, to be installed on either portion, and including: connection elements for connecting at least one wireline to a plurality of groups to receive a plurality of respective data flows, each flow coming from a corresponding apparatus installed on the mobile portion or stationary portion; elements for processing the received streams, configured to assign a priority parameter value to each received stream, and in the event of concomitant reception of multiple streams, to compare the values of the priority parameter that are associated with the received streams and transmit by priority to a module for transceiving the radiofrequency signals, with a view to a radiofrequency transmission to the other of mobile or stationary portion, the stream associated with the value of the priority parameter corresponding to the highest degree of priority.|Wireless transmission between a movable portion and a stationary portion in a windmill nacelle
09594361|An automation system is disclosed in which a system controller has access to the signals transmitted by each sensor device that is relevant to the environment being controlled. Each sensor device monitors a particular physical condition, senses changes in the condition being monitored, and reports states of the condition, which is made available to the system controller. Meanwhile, the system controller memorizes and maintains the states of various processing events, such as when a sensor device reported a particular state of the condition that the sensor monitors. By considering the information reported by the various and multiple sensor devices, as well as by accounting for the memorized states corresponding to the various events, the system controller is able to generate and continually update a representation of the state of the controlled environment. Having such context awareness enables the design and implementation of sophisticated reasoning logic and conditional logic.|Automation and control system with context awareness
09594741|Systems and methods are disclosed for a server learning new words generated by user client devices in a crowdsourced manner while maintaining local differential privacy of client devices. A client device can determine that a word typed on the client device is a new word that is not contained in a dictionary or asset catalog on the client device. New words can be grouped in classifications such as entertainment, health, finance, etc. A differential privacy system on the client device can comprise a privacy budget for each classification of new words. If there is privacy budget available for the classification, then one or more new terms in a classification can be sent to new term learning server, and the privacy budget for the classification reduced. The privacy budget can be periodically replenished.|Learning new words
09594780|A database system is provided with user-directed application-side storage tiering control functionality. A database node of a database system comprises a daemon to communicate with a plurality of storage devices on a plurality of storage tiers of the database system; the daemon further configured to implement storage tiering control functionality based on a user-specified data selection and tier imperative for at least first and second storage tiers comprising respective disjoint subsets of the plurality of storage tiers. An application executing on the database node provides the user-specified data selection and tier imperative to the daemon for processing in response to a predefined keyword. The daemon performs the storage tiering control functionality in response to a programmatic call comprising one or more predefined keywords, such as predefined base command verbs, tier imperative keywords and/or environmental qualifiers. A shunt robot optionally implements the storage tiering control functionality on the at least first and second storage tiers.|Database system with user-directed application-side control of data movement among storage tiers
09594791|The present disclosure relates to apparatus, systems, and methods for providing a location information analytics mechanism. The location information analytics mechanism is configured to analyze location information to extract contextual information (e.g., profile) about a mobile device or a user of a mobile device, collectively referred to as a target entity. The location information analytics mechanism can include analyzing location data points associated with a target entity to determine features associated with the target entity, and using the features to predict attributes associated with the target entity. The set of predicted attributes can form a profile of the target entity.|Apparatus, systems, and methods for analyzing movements of target entities
09595071|A document classification and inspection system obtains digital information recorded in plural computers or servers, extracts a document from document information configured by plural documents, included in the obtained digital information, calculates a score indicating the strength of connection between the document and a classification code for the extracted document in a time-series manner, detects a time-series score change from the calculated score, and inspects the degree of relevance between an inspection case and the extracted document from the detected time-series score change.|Document identification and inspection system, document identification and inspection method, and document identification and inspection program
09595110|A disparity deriving apparatus for deriving disparity of an object based on a captured reference image of the object and a captured comparison image of the object includes a calculator to calculate costs between a first reference area in the reference image and each one of corresponding areas in the comparison image, and costs between a second reference area and each one of corresponding areas corresponding to the second reference area in the comparison image; a synthesizer to synthesize the costs of the first reference area, and the costs of the second reference area as synthesis costs; a deriving unit to derive a disparity value of the object captured in the first reference area based on the synthesized synthesis cost; and an output unit to output the derived disparity value and a specific cost of the first reference area identified by the derived disparity value.|Disparity deriving apparatus, movable apparatus, robot, method of deriving disparity, method of producing disparity, program, and storage medium
09596081|An order-preserving tokenization (OPT) method receives a plaintext and generates a token as the ciphertext which preserves the sort order of the plaintext by using stored legacy plaintext-to-ciphertext mapping data and a tail bounded probability distribution sampler to sample a random order preserving function. More specifically, the OPT method uses a mapping table to store plaintext-to-ciphertext mapping for previously generated ciphertexts. The mapping table enables efficient searching of the ciphertext space as the OPT method only needs to look for ciphertext in the space that most likely will have the desired plaintext. In this manner, the order-preserving tokenization method of the present invention realizes a fast algorithm that is also more computational efficient. In one embodiment, the OPT method uses a tail bounded hypergeometric distribution sampler as the probability distribution sampler.|Order preserving tokenization
09596971|A robot cleaner and a control method for the same are disclosed. The robot cleaner and control method are capable of detecting malfunction of an auxiliary cleaning unit, and controlling travel of the robot cleaner in accordance with the detection result, to achieve efficient cleaning of an edge area even when there is an error in the auxiliary cleaning unit. The robot cleaner includes a plurality of auxiliary cleaning units mounted to a bottom portion of the robot cleaner such that the auxiliary cleaning units are extendable and retractable, a sensing unit to sense an extension, retraction, or rotation state of each of the auxiliary cleaning units, and a control unit to determine whether the auxiliary cleaning units operate normally, based on a sensing result of the sensing unit, and to control travel of the robot cleaner, based on a result of the determination.|Robot cleaner and control method for the same
09597800|This control device (10) for compensating for the elastic deformation of an articulated robot is configured from a joint angle command value calculation unit (100), an axial force torque calculation unit (200), a first dynamic characteristic computing unit (300), a feedback control unit (500), and a motor angle command value calculation unit (600). The first dynamic characteristic computing unit (300) is configured from an interpolation unit configured from an N-ary curve interpolation, and a filter unit configured from an M-ary filter, with N+M being at least 4.|Elastic deformation compensation control device for articulated robot
09597801|An automated data center management system includes one or more equipment racks housing at least one server farm equipment, each of the at least one server farm equipment having a respective attachment point, a spare equipment repository having at least one replacement equipment, and a hardware management robot. The hardware management robot includes a robotic arm having an interface point, the interface point configured to couple to the attachment point. A hardware management controller is communicates with the hardware management robot, the hardware management controller including at least one processor, and non-transitory computer readable media having encoded thereon computer software comprising a set of instructions to receive a service request indicating a server farm equipment needing service, determine a location of the server farm equipment, generate a path to the location of the server farm equipment, and transmit the path to the hardware management robot.|Automated data center
09598171|A combination rotor and wheel assembly for an unmanned vehicle with ground and aerial mobility has a rotor arm adapted to be attached at an inner end thereof to a vehicle body. A rotor is rotatably connected to an outer end of the rotor arm about a rotor axis, and a rotor drive mounted on the rotor arm rotates the rotor such that the rotor exerts an upward lift force on the rotor arm. An open spoked wheel is rotatably connected about the rotor axis independent of the rotor The diameter of the wheel is greater than that of the rotor, and a bottom edge of the wheel is below the rotor. A wheel drive rotates the wheel. Vehicles can have various numbers and orientations of the rotor and wheel assembly to provide aerial and ground mobility.|Vehicle with aerial and ground mobility
09599021|Systems, methods, and apparatus are provided for controlling the oxidant feed in low emission turbine systems to maintain stoichiometric or substantially stoichiometric combustion conditions. In one or more embodiments, such control is achieved by diverting a portion of the recirculating exhaust gas and combining it with the oxidant feed to maintain a constant oxygen level in the combined oxidant-exhaust stream fed to the combustion chamber.|Systems and methods for controlling stoichiometric combustion in low emission turbine systems
09599030|Various embodiments include a system having: at least one computing device configured to tune a set of gas turbines (GTs) by performing actions including: commanding each GT in the set of GTs to a base load level, based upon a measured ambient condition for each GT; commanding each GT in the set of GTs to adjust a respective exhaust energy to match a nominal exhaust energy value, and subsequently measuring an actual fuel flow value for each GT; and adjusting an operating condition of each GT in the set of GTs based upon a difference between the respective measured actual fuel flow value and a nominal fuel flow value at the ambient condition.|Application of probabilistic control in gas turbine tuning for exhaust energy-fuel flow parameters, related control systems, computer program products and methods
09599031|Various embodiments include a system having: at least one computing device configured to tune a set of gas turbines (GTs) by performing actions including: commanding each GT in the set of GTs to a base load level, based upon a measured ambient condition for each GT; commanding each GT in the set of GTs to adjust a respective power output to match a nominal power output value, and subsequently measuring an actual emissions value for each GT; and adjusting an operating condition of each GT in the set of GTs based upon a difference between the respective measured actual emissions value and a nominal emissions value at the ambient condition.|Application of probabilistic control in gas turbine tuning for power output-emissions parameters, related control systems, computer program products and methods
09599070|A system includes a gas turbine system having a turbine combustor, a turbine driven by combustion products from the turbine combustor, and an exhaust gas compressor driven by the turbine. The exhaust gas compressor is configured to compress and supply an exhaust gas to the turbine combustor. The gas turbine system also has an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) system. The EGR system is configured to recirculate the exhaust gas along an exhaust recirculation path from the turbine to the exhaust gas compressor. The system further includes a main oxidant compression system having one or more oxidant compressors. The one or more oxidant compressors are separate from the exhaust gas compressor, and the one or more oxidant compressors are configured to supply all compressed oxidant utilized by the turbine combustor in generating the combustion products.|System and method for oxidant compression in a stoichiometric exhaust gas recirculation gas turbine system
09599630|The present invention concerns an apparatus for staining tissue samples, said apparatus including a reagent section or reagent containers; at least one staining section or tissue samples, a robotic head or robotic element that may move reagent to a predetermined tissue sample, said robotic element being moveable above the reagent and the staining sections, a control element that may manage a staining process, a 2-D optical sensor to detect two-dimensional image data of a relevant property and that can feed the captured image data to the control element. By providing the robotic element with a 2-D optical sensor, a common image processor may be provided having multiple functions. By using a 2-D optical image processing system, the control system of the apparatus may easily be adapted to read various types of data presentations, just as actual images for sections of the apparatus may be identified in order to assess the condition of the apparatus. The optical sensor may be used to automatically identify the slides and the reagent containers present in the apparatus, just as the optical sensor may be used for checking if a slide is misplaced at or absent from a slide position, etc.|Method and apparatus for automatic staining of tissue samples
09599980|A numerical controller includes a commanded movement-amount adjustment section, in addition to a position command section and a positional deviation counter but also. The commanded movement-amount adjustment section calculates an adjusted command movement amount based on a commanded movement amount output from the position command section, positional deviation acquired from the positional deviation counter, and an actual velocity of a control axis, and outputs the calculated adjusted command movement amount to the positional deviation counter. When a load acts on a servo motor so that positional deviation is accumulated and the load is abruptly removed, a situation in which the servo motor abruptly accelerates with its maximum torque in an attempt to eliminate the accumulated positional deviation is avoided.|Numerical controller having suppressor that suppresses variation in velocity due to abrupt change in positional deviation
09599990|A power-saving robot system includes at least one peripheral device and a mobile robot. The peripheral device includes a controller having an active mode and a hibernation mode, and a wireless communication component capable of activation in the hibernation mode. A controller of the robot has an activating routine that communicates with and temporarily activates the peripheral device, via wireless communication, from the hibernation mode. In another aspect, a robot system includes a network data bridge and a mobile robot. The network data bridge includes a broadband network interface, a wireless command interface, and a data bridge component. The data bridge component extracts serial commands received via the broadband network interface from an internet protocol, applies a command protocol thereto, and broadcasts the serial commands via the wireless interface. The mobile robot includes a wireless command communication component that receives the serial command; transmitted from the network data bridge.|Robot system
09600431|A set of training sequences is generated, each training sequence to include a respective training sequence header, and the training sequence header is to be DC-balanced over the set of training sequences. The set of training sequences can be combined with electric ordered sets to form supersequences for use in such tasks as link adaptation, link state transitions, byte lock, deskew, and other tasks.|High performance interconnect physical layer
09600601|A method, system and computer program product for generating answers to questions. In one embodiment, the method comprises receiving an input query, identifying a plurality of candidate answers to the query; and for at least one of these candidate answers, identifying at least one proof of the answer. This proof includes a series of premises, and a multitude of documents are identified that include references to the premises. A set of these documents is selected that include references to all of the premises. This set of documents is used to generate one or more scores for the one of the candidate answers. A defined procedure is applied to the candidate answers to determine a ranking for the answers, and this includes using the one or more scores for the at least one of the candidate answers in the defined procedure to determine the ranking for this one candidate answer.|Providing answers to questions including assembling answers from multiple document segments
09600631|A tele-presence system that includes a cart. The cart includes a robot face that has a robot monitor, a robot camera, a robot speaker, a robot microphone, and an overhead camera. The system also includes a remote station that is coupled to the robot face and the overhead camera. The remote station includes a station monitor, a station camera, a station speaker and a station microphone. The remote station can display video images captured by the robot camera and/or overhead camera. By way of example, the cart can be used in an operating room, wherein the overhead camera can be placed in a sterile field and the robot face can be used in a non-sterile field. The user at the remote station can conduct a teleconference through the robot face and also obtain a view of a medical procedure through the overhead camera.|Remote presence system including a cart that supports a robot face and an overhead camera
09600760|Described herein are methods, systems, apparatuses and products for utilizing motion fields to predict evolution in dynamic scenes. One aspect provides for accessing active object position data including positioning information of a plurality of individual active objects; extracting a plurality of individual active object motions from the active object position data; constructing a motion field using the plurality of individual active object motions; and using the motion field to predict one or more points of convergence at one or more spatial locations that active objects are proceeding towards at a future point in time. Other embodiments are disclosed.|System and method for utilizing motion fields to predict evolution in dynamic scenes
09600761|Embodiments of the invention provide a method comprising creating a structural description for at least one neurosynaptic core circuit. Each core circuit comprises an interconnect network including plural electronic synapses for interconnecting one or more electronic neurons with one or more electronic axons. The structural description defines a desired neuronal activity for the core circuits. The desired neuronal activity is simulated by programming the core circuits with the structural description. The structural description controls routing of neuronal firing events for the core circuits.|Structural descriptions for neurosynaptic networks
09600770|A method includes receiving information identifying a first knowledge element from a plurality of knowledge elements. The method also includes, for a plurality of similar knowledge elements, for each of a plurality of similar knowledge elements determining a first value based on actions taken by a user with respect to a respective knowledge element from the plurality of similar knowledge elements, determining a second value that represents similarity of the first knowledge element to the respective knowledge element, and determining an expertise component value for the respective knowledge element based at least in part on a multiplicative product of the first value and the second value. The method also includes determining an expertise value that represents the user's expertise level relative to a subject matter described by the first knowledge element based on the expertise component values for the plurality of similar knowledge elements.|Method for determining expertise of users in a knowledge management system
09600771|Various embodiments of technologies for information coding based on semantic data reasoning are provided. In some examples, a process performs semantic reasoning on semantic sentences of a textual message to generate a code, and embeds the code in the textual message as additional information.|Information coding based on semantic data reasoning
09604360|A robot system comprises a robot provided with a robot arm and a robot hand, and a control device for controlling the motion of the robot, wherein a permitted area where a teaching operation for the robot hand should be permitted is preset within a maximum area which the robot hand can reach. The control device is provided with a judging part which judges if the robot hand as a whole is present in the permitted area, based on robot hand position information, and a teaching operation restricting part which permits a teaching operation for the robot hand when it is judged that the robot hand as a whole is present in the permitted area and prohibits a teaching operation for the robot hand when it is judged that the robot hand as a whole is not present in the permitted area.|Robot system for preventing accidental dropping of conveyed objects
09604361|A system for defining motions of a plurality of real robots cooperatively performing a show based on a description of the motions of the robots defined by animation software. The system includes at least one storage for storing a plurality of segments that describe the motions of the robots during the show, each segment includes a description of motions of one of the robots during a defined time period, and for storing a plurality of scenes, each scene specifying a plurality of segments to be executed simultaneously by the robots, and a playlist handler configured to handle creation of a playlist including a sequence of scenes and to amend the playlist according to user commands, and a user interface configured to display the playlist to a user, to allow the user to edit the playlist by amending the sequence of scenes, and to receive the user commands.|System and method for defining motions of a plurality of robots cooperatively performing a show
09604370|A surgical apparatus having sufficient rigidity in a fixed mode and being freely operable in a steering mode includes one or more arm modules having at least one degree of freedom, each arm module including at least one steering cable to steer the arm module and a plurality of link units to form the at least one arm module, each link unit including a head disposed at an upper portion thereof and having a hemispherical shape, a seat formed at a lower portion thereof, and a sliding ball arranged at the seat, wherein the link units are arranged such that the head of one of the link units is seated on the seat of the other of the link units, and the head of one of the link units and the seat of the other of the link units are slid with respect to each other by the sliding ball.|Link unit, arm module, and surgical apparatus including the same
09604620|An air dryer system for a locomotive having optimized purge air control over a twin tower desiccant-type air dryer. The computer controlled locomotive brake system is used to determine when the air dryer is being used and approximately how much air flow has actually passed through the active tower of the dryer using the air consumption state, the change of pressure in the second main reservoir, the air compressor on/off state, the total accumulated time of air flow since last purge cycle, and/or the calculated air flow through the air dryer since the last purge cycle. When the actual air flow reaches the capacity of the active tower of the air dryer, the computer controlled locomotive brake system commands the air dryer to perform a purge cycle. The system thus maximizes the use of each tower in the air dryer rather than switching according to a preset time period.|Air dryer system for a locomotive with optimized purge air control
09604720|A system, apparatus and method provide emergency differential braking for effecting braked steering of an aircraft. A brake input device is provided that not only allows for emergency and parking brake functions, but also enables differential braking. The brake input device (e.g., a parking and/or emergency brake lever, pedal, handle, etc.) can be used in a brake system including a brake system control unit (BSCU), one or more electro-mechanical actuator controllers (EMACs) and a brake assembly including one or more electrical actuators. Each EMAC is electrically coupled to one or more of the actuators so as to provide electrical power for driving the actuators. Each EMAC is also communicatively coupled to the BSCU so as to receive braking data therefrom. In an emergency, the input device sends braking signals directly to the brake actuators.|Differential emergency/park electric brake system
09604730|A system is provided for inerting a fuel tank of an aircraft. The system includes a first compressor fluidly coupled to the fuel tank for removing an air and fuel vapor mixture from an ullage of the fuel tank. The system further includes a fuel processor fluidly coupled to the first compressor and configured to receive the air and fuel vapor mixture and to generate hydrogen from the air and fuel vapor mixture. The system further includes a fuel cell fluidly coupled to the fuel processor and configured to receive the hydrogen as anode fuel to produce electricity. The system further includes a combustor fluidly coupled to the fuel cell and configured to combust the exhaust product to produce combustion gas, and a first heat exchanger fluidly coupled to the combustor and configured to cool the combustion gas into inerting gas for the fuel tank.|Aircraft systems and methods with integrated tank inerting and power generation
09604731|The disclosure herein relates to a measurement system to measure characteristics of the velocity vector of an aircraft in relation to a surrounding air mass, the measurement system comprising-a frontal surface of the aircraft, two primary sensors, each being fixed to the frontal surface of the aircraft and able to deliver an output value relating to the deformation experienced by the sensor, and a processing unit able to receive the output values and able to calculate the angle of attack and/or the velocity of the aircraft on the basis of these output values.|Measurement system for measuring the velocity of an aircraft
09605430|A retractable tape spring in-building method for a deployable structure comprising a main tape spring having an axis of deployment and of refurling substantially parallel to an unfurled axis X and comprising two ends, a secondary tape spring comprising two ends and a winding mandrel carried by a shaft parallel to an axis Z perpendicular to the axis X, the main tape spring being wound around the mandrel, a first end of the main tape spring being fixed to the mandrel, the method comprising the following steps: fixing a first end of the secondary tape spring a predefined distance away from a second end of the main tape spring, fixing a second end of the secondary tape spring on the mandrel. A deployable structure comprising a tape spring for a flexible structure is also provided.|Tape spring retractable deployable structure and method
09605591|The present invention provides an arbitrage control system for two or more available power sources (106, 108) that enables the automatic or manual control of one or more multi-source systems (202) to take advantage of price differentials across commodities, locations and/or time. The present invention selects a power source for a device or delivery point (110) from two or more available power sources (106, 108) by analyzing market and operational data (406). A power source (106 or 108) for the device or delivery point (110) is then selected from the two or more available power sources (106, 108) based on a set of financial parameters (408). If the device or delivery point (110) is not already connected to the selected power source, one or more signals are sent (418) to switch the device or delivery point (110) to the selected power source. The arbitrage controller (102) includes a user interface (300), market interface (302), multi-source interface (304), database (306) and processor (308). The processor (308) is communicably coupled to the user interface (300), the market interface (302), the multi-source interface (304) and the database (306).|Arbitrage control system for two or more available power sources
09605621|The present invention relates to a nozzle with a nozzle surface area and a nozzle rim, on which first and second guiding devices are alternatingly provided in the circumferential direction, where the first guiding devices are of the nozzle-type design and the second guiding devices are of the diffuser-type design. The first guiding devices each have a first azimuthal guide wall and two wall elements, with the first azimuthal guide wall forming a first trailing edge and two first edges to the wall elements. The second guiding devices each have a second azimuthal guide wall and two wall elements, with the second azimuthal guide wail forming a second trailing edge and two second edges to the wall elements. A wall element connects a first guiding device and a second guiding device. The wall elements have a curved course in the axial direction.|Nozzle with guiding devices
09605650|A wind blade is provided. The wind blade includes a self-supporting structural framework, having multiple chord-wise members and one or more span-wise members. Each of the multiple chord-wise members and the one or more span-wise members have an aerodynamic contour. The wind blade also comprises a fabric skin located over the self-supporting structural framework. Further, the wind blade includes a tensioning mechanism configured for providing pretensioning in the fabric skin. The tensioning mechanism includes multiple mechanical force elements coupled with the fabric skin for providing a predetermined force for maintaining an aerodynamic surface of the fabric skin during operation of the wind blade.|Wind blades with mechanical elements for pretensioning in tension fabrics
09605651|A spar assembly for a rotor blade of a wind turbine is disclosed. The spar assembly includes a first spar cap segment and a second spar cap segment. The first spar cap segment is configured on an interior surface of a first blade segment and the second spar cap segment is configured on an interior surface of a second blade segment. Each spar cap segment includes an end having a joint section that is joinable at a chord-wise joint. Each of the first and second joint sections includes a plurality of holes formed therein. Further, the spar assembly includes a plurality of pins inserted into the plurality of holes of the first and second joint sections to join the first and second blade segments so as to improve stiffness of the rotor blade.|Spar assembly for a wind turbine rotor blade
09606541|A docking station (20) and a robot (22) for docking therein, include corresponding transmission parts. These transmission parts are for the transmission of energy, such as electricity, for recharging the robot (22), and/or signals, for operating the robot (22), the energy and/or signals passing between the docking station and the robot (22). The docking station (20) and robot (22) are such that the docking of the robot (22) in the docking station (20) is at a horizontal orientation, as the transmission part on the robot (22) includes laterally protruding docking contacts that contact corresponding laterally oriented contact arms of the docking station (20).|Robot docking station and robot for use therewith
09607271|The subject matter relates to multiple parallel ensembles of early stage spherical pulses radiated through engineered arrays forming the foundation for quantized computer processors taking advantage of integer thermodynamics. The materials, architecture and methods for constructing micro- and/or nano-scale three-dimensional cellular arrays, cellular series logic gates, and signature logic form the basis of small- and large-scale apparatuses used to execute logic, data bases, memory, mathematics, artificial intelligence, prime factorization, optical routing and artificial thought tasks not otherwise replicated in electron-based circuits. Unlike prior art electric-current based computational devices-that by definition dissipate heat and consume significant power to achieve computational output-the types of logic gates described do not shed waste heat and minimally consume power, which is desirable for embedded computers, ultra high-throughput computation, low-power consumption data centers and extended battery life devices.|Isothermal quantum computing apparatus and materials
09609011|A security platform employs a variety techniques and mechanisms to detect security related anomalies and threats in a computer network environment. The security platform is "big data" driven and employs machine learning to perform security analytics. The security platform performs user/entity behavioral analytics (UEBA) to detect the security related anomalies and threats, regardless of whether such anomalies/threats were previously known. The security platform can include both real-time and batch paths/modes for detecting anomalies and threats. By visually presenting analytical results scored with risk ratings and supporting evidence, the security platform enables network security administrators to respond to a detected anomaly or threat, and to take action promptly.|Interface having selectable, interactive views for evaluating potential network compromise
09610101|A long-bone fracture-reduction robot is provided, and includes a machine base; a support slidably connected onto the machine base and able to move up and down; a plurality of electro-hydraulic drivers; and a six-degrees-of-freedom parallel robot arranged on the support, with the motion of the robot in six degrees of freedom hydraulically controllable using the plurality of electro-hydraulic drivers. The long-bone fracture-reduction robot includes two long-bone-fixing frames, one frame being coupled to the support and other being coupled to the six-degree-of-freedom parallel robot. The two long-bone-fixing frames are arranged to be side by side. Each of the two long-bone-fixing frames is fixedly connected to a corresponding mounting-and fixing plate.|Long-bone fracture-reduction robot
09610131|Featured is a medical instrument driver, a robotic apparatus embodying such a medical instrument driver and methods related thereto for inserting a medical instrument into tissue of a mammal (e.g., human). Such medical instruments include medical needles, biopsy needles, trocars, cutters and introducers. Such a medical instrument driver according to the present invention is configured and arranged so that medical instrument is rotated as it is being moved longitudinally for insertion into the tissue such that the medical instrument is spiraling as it pierces and traverses the tissue to the target area.|Rotating needle driver and apparatuses and methods related thereto
09610690|A robot system includes a display portion which displays a robot model and a peripheral device model, a deployment portion which deploys a motion monitoring range model of the robot on the display portion, a positioning portion which moves and positions the motion monitoring range model, and a setting portion which converts a range surrounded by the positioned motion monitoring range model in the display portion into coordinate values which can be recognized by the robot to set the motion monitoring range.|Robot system for setting motion monitoring range of robot
09610691|A robot cleaner and a control method thereof according to the present disclosure select a seed pixel in an image of an area in front of a main body, obtain a brightness difference between an upper region and a lower region obtained by dividing a predetermined detection area including each of neighboring pixels of the seed pixel and select a pixel belonging to a detection area having a largest brightness difference as a pixel constituting the boundary between objects indicated in the image. Accordingly, the boundary between objects present within a cleaning area can be detected rapidly and correctly through an image.|Robot cleaner and method for controlling the same
09610731|A method for manufacturing a custom orthosis, such as an ankle brace, includes use of scanning processes. A digital model of a surface may be applied to a digital orthosis model to define a custom digital orthosis model. The digital model and, thus, the custom digital orthosis model may include one or more standard features. The custom digital orthosis model may be used with an automated manufacturing process to make some or all of the custom orthosis. In some embodiments, additive manufacturing processes may be used to form a portion or all of the custom orthosis.|Use of additive manufacturing processes in the manufacture of custom orthoses
09611030|A device for absorbing kinetic energy for an aircraft structural element undergoing a dynamic impact. The device includes an outer enclosure made from a braided composite material configured to preserve its integrity after an impact, a foam core, contained in the outer enclosure and to at least partially fill the outer enclosure. The foam core is configured to at least partially absorb the kinetic energy generated by the impact. Reinforcing elements are integrated at least partially into the foam core to dissipate, combined with the form core, the kinetic energy generated by the impact. The reinforcing elements includes discontinuous threads inserted into the foam core by stitching, and each discontinuous thread includes an L- or T-shaped head, folded down outside the outer enclosure.|Energy absorption device for aircraft structural element
09611031|A method and apparatus for controlling an angular parameter between a base member and a control surface of an aircraft is disclosed. An estimate is obtained of an angular rate of the control surface with respect to an inertial frame of the aircraft using a rate sensor. A residual angular rate that is a difference between a commanded angular rate and the estimate of the angular rate of the control surface is determined. The residual angular rate is used to control the angular parameter of the control surface or the angular parameter of the base member.|Flutter control actuator
09611050|Auxiliary power unit inlet apparatus and methods are disclosed. An example apparatus includes an air inlet for an aircraft including a first air flow path and a second air flow path. The first air flow path is immediately adjacent the second air flow path. The first air flow path is at least partially separated from the second air flow path by a first panel. The example apparatus includes a door hingably coupled adjacent the air inlet. The door includes a second panel extending from an interior surface of the door to substantially prevent air from flowing across the interior surface between the first air flow path and the second air flow path.|Auxiliary power unit inlet apparatus and methods
09611790|A control system for an aero compression combustion drive assembly, the aero compression combustion drive assembly having an engine member, a transmission member and a propeller member, the control system including a sensor for sensing a pressure parameter in each of a plurality of compression chambers of the engine member, the sensor for providing the sensed pressure parameter to a control system device, the control system device having a plurality of control programs for effecting selected engine control and the control system device acting on the sensed pressure parameter to effect a control strategy in the engine member. A control method is further included.|Aero compression combustion drive assembly control system
09611791|Various embodiments include a system having: at least one computing device configured to tune a set of gas turbines (GTs) by performing actions including: commanding each GT in the set of GTs to a base load level, based upon a measured ambient condition for each GT; commanding each GT in the set of GTs to adjust a respective fuel flow to match a nominal fuel flow value, and subsequently measuring an actual power output value for each GT; and adjusting an operating condition of each GT in the set of GTs based upon a difference between the respective measured actual power output value and a nominal power output value at the ambient condition.|Application of probabilistic control in gas turbine tuning for fuel flow-power output parameters, related control systems, computer program products and methods
09613100|An OEM product label may be associated with a plurality of different OEM products; an identity of the manufacturer of the product associated with the label is determined based on the context of the product.|System and method for cloud-storage support
09613180|Described is a robotic control device for manipulating a gripper-held tool. The device includes a robotic gripper having a plurality of tactile sensors. Each sensor generates tactile sensory data upon grasping an tool based on the interface between the tool and the corresponding tactile sensor. In operation, the device causes the gripper to grasp a tool and move the tool into contact with a surface. A control command is used to cause the gripper to perform a pseudo-random movement with the tool against the surface to generate tactile sensory data. A dimensionality reduction is performed on the tactile sensory data to generate a low-dimensional representation of the tactile sensory data, which is then associated with the control command to generate a sensory-motor mapping. A series of control commands can then be generated in a closed-loop based on the sensory-motor mapping to manipulate the tool against the surface.|Robotic control device and method for manipulating a hand-held tool
09613290|Methods, apparatus and articles of manufacture for image comparison using color histograms are disclosed. Example methods disclosed herein to compare images include adjusting a color histogram associated with an input image based on a first reference color histogram associated with a first reference image to determine a first adjusted color histogram associated with the input image. Such example methods also include comparing the first adjusted color histogram and the first reference color histogram to determine whether the first reference image matches the input image. Such example methods further include displaying a version of the first reference image adjacent to a display of the input image in response to determining that the first reference image matches the input image.|Image comparison using color histograms
09613300|Multiple pixels are selected from one or more images of an object fabricated from an unknown material captured from one or more viewing directions and one or more trained classification engines are applied to the selected pixels so as to obtain initial estimates of the material at each selected pixel. The one or more trained classification engines are each trained at a training direction and are each characterized by performance characteristics that vary based at least in part on directional deviation from that training direction. A posterior probability for the collection of selected multiple pixels is calculated, wherein the posterior probability is calculated based at least in part on the performance characteristics and directional deviation of a surface normal of the object at a selected pixel from the one or more training directions. The material of the object is classified based on the calculated posterior probability.|Material classification using multiview capture
09613310|Apparatus and methods for learning and training in neural network-based devices. In one implementation, the devices each comprise multiple spiking neurons, configured to process sensory input. In one approach, alternate heterosynaptic plasticity mechanisms are used to enhance learning and field diversity within the devices. The selection of alternate plasticity rules is based on recent post-synaptic activity of neighboring neurons. Apparatus and methods for simplifying training of the devices are also disclosed, including a computer-based application. A data representation of the neural network may be imaged and transferred to another computational environment, effectively copying the brain. Techniques and architectures for achieve this training, storing, and distributing these data representations are also disclosed.|Neural network learning and collaboration apparatus and methods
09613311|Electronic devices and methods for processing an input content are disclosed. The method includes: obtaining a first input content through a first operation; displaying the first input content on the display unit, the first input content comprising at least two elements; determining a first element from the at least two elements in accordance with a predetermined rule; obtaining a second element through a second operation, the second element not belonging to the at least two elements; updating the first element with the second element at the position where the first element has been displayed on the display unit; and displaying the second element on the display unit.|Receiving voice/speech, replacing elements including characters, and determining additional elements by pronouncing a first element
09613740|A moving magnetic field generating apparatus includes a magnet array including magnets disposed at a first pitch such that N and S poles of adjacent magnets in the magnet array are alternated, and first and second magnetic pole piece arrays extending along the magnet array to interpose the magnet array therebetween with a gap from the magnet array. The first and second magnetic pole piece arrays are disposed with a predetermined phase difference therebetween. The first magnetic pole piece array includes first magnetic pole pieces disposed at a second pitch in an array and each having a length enough to face at least two adjacent magnets in the magnet array. The second magnetic pole piece array is configured similarly to the first magnetic pole piece array. One of the first and second magnetic pole piece arrays and the magnet array is relatively moved to the other at a predetermined speed.|Electric apparatus with moving magnetic field generating apparatus
09614901|The present invention teaches methods for using a point-and-click interface to allow developers to create visual relationships between APIs and GUI components. Further, the present invention uses interactive machine learning to learn from developer actions. The present invention will assist developers by providing recommendations on how their application should compile to a target platform. Developers may then configure their app and its connection to APIs (device and remote) directly from the present invention's point-and-click interface. The invention also teaches methods for visual recognition of data structures to allow sections of data to be targeted by a system that matches targeted data to a GUI component. The visual recognition system allows any type of data to move between systems and have required protocols applied at run time instead of during development in the way traditional software works.|Data infrastructure for providing interconnectivity between platforms, devices, and operating systems
09615890|A surgical robot system includes a slave system to perform a surgical operation on a patient and an imaging system that includes an image capture unit including a plurality of cameras to acquire a plurality of affected area images, an image generator detecting an occluded region in each of the affected area images acquired by the plurality of cameras, removing the occluded region therefrom, warping each of the affected area images from which the occluded region is removed, and matching the affected area images to generate a final image, and a controller driving each of the plurality of cameras of the image capture unit to acquire the plurality of affected area images and inputting the acquired plurality of affected area images to the image generator to generate a final image.|Surgical robot system and method of controlling the same
09616570|A robot controller making a robot execute tasks including several work units in a parallel manner for several workpieces, in accordance with several operation programs for individually commanding the work units. The robot controller includes an information collecting section collecting state information showing, in real time, a state of an environment of the robot; a program selecting section selecting a first executable program satisfying a task starting condition, from operation programs ready to be executed for workpieces, based on the state information; a processing section processing, for execution, the first executable program; and a program-completion judging section judging whether the processing section has completed a processing of the first executable program. The program selecting section selects, based on the state information, a second executable program satisfying the task starting condition, from the operation programs ready to be executed, so as to satisfy a judgment of the program-completion judging section.|Device and method for controlling robot
09616571|A robot performs, after i-th (i is a natural number) work, i+1-th work different from the i-th work and performs, after j-th (j is a natural number satisfying j?i) work, j+1-th work different from the j-th work. The robot performs the i+1-th work after the i-th work without changing information concerning correction in a joint of the robot during the i-th work, performs robot calibration after the j-th work, and performs the j+1-th work after performing the robot calibration.|Robot, control apparatus, robot system, and control method
09616580|An end effector for a robotic arm is disclosed. The end effector includes a grasping apparatus having a gripping member and an appendage extending from the gripping member forming a channel between the griping member and the appendage. The channel is configured to receive at least a portion of an article, such as a latch for a container, to be manipulated by the end effector.|End effector for a robotic arm
09616581|The gripper assembly includes a base, a guide situated on the base, and first and second jaws members. First and second ball bearing slides are associated with the jaw members for mounting the jaw members for movement along a guide track between proximate and remote positions. First and second low friction pneumatic actuators are provided. A mechanical linkage connects the actuators to at least one of the jaw members. A pulley and wire rope assembly connects the first and second jaw members for simultaneous movement in opposite directions. Valves are provided for actuating one actuator at a time. Actuation of the first actuator causes simultaneous movement of the jaw members in one direction. Actuation of the second actuator causes simultaneous movement of the jaw members in opposite directions.|Precisely controllable gripper assembly for low force applications
09616990|A rotary device assembly is provided and includes an input shaft coupled to a torque generating device, an output shaft and a rotary device disposed to transmit first torque from the input shaft to the output shaft and configured with no-back capability to prevent second torque applied to the output shaft from being transmitted to the input shaft in an event the second torque deceeds a torque-limiting threshold and the no-back capability and torsional lock-up capability to prevent an overload of the torque generating device in an event the second torque exceeds the torque-limiting threshold.|Aircraft component rotary device
09616991|Generally, a mechanically self-regulating propeller is described which may have a central hub unit disposed around a shaft member, at least two blades coupled to the central hub unit, at least one timing hub coupled to each of the at least two blades, and a hydraulic unit coupled to the at least one timing hub. The at least one timing hub is slidably engaged to the shaft member. When not in use the blades lay substantially parallel to the central hub unit. When the central hub unit is rotated the blades begin to open or fan out to a position that is substantially perpendicular to the central hub unit. The propeller may be used any number of implementations including vehicles, generators, and any other mechanism requiring a propeller or similarly structured device.|Mechanically self-regulated propeller
09617000|A gatebox for an aircraft comprises an opening operable to allow material to flow out of the gatebox, a hopper operable to direct material in the gatebox to the opening, a door coupled to the hopper and operable to move between an open position and a closed position by sliding along a surface of the gatebox, wherein the door comprises a front edge, a rear edge wider than the front edge, and at least two side edges that taper between the front edge and the rear edge, and a seal coupled to the hopper and operable to, when the door is in the closed position, engage the edges of the door and compress to prevent material in the gatebox from being released through the opening along the engaged edge of the door.|Sliding door gatebox and detachable seeder plate
09617001|A holding device for a display and/or operating unit for use in an aircraft on an aircraft seat is proposed, with a holding arm and an attachment device and a coupling unit for connecting the display and/or operating unit, wherein one end region of the holding arm is provided on the attachment device so as to be pivotable about an axis of rotation and the coupling unit for pivotably connecting the display and/or operating unit is provided on the opposite end region of the holding arm, and wherein the holding arm can take up a use position and a storage position on the attachment device. According to the invention, a spiral spring unit is arranged between the attachment device and the holding arm is such a manner that a torque is exerted on the holding arm by the spiral spring unit.|Holding device for a display and/or operating unit for attaching in an aircraft and display and operating device with a holding device
09617751|It includes at least one platform defining a plane, first and second sets of complementary coupling elements associated with the tower section and the platform respectively, and arranged in levels. In a first relative position of the sets of coupling elements, the platform is allowed to pass, in a substantially horizontal position, through different levels of sets of coupling elements and in a second relative position of the sets of coupling elements, the platform rests with its second set of coupling elements on a first set of coupling elements of one given level. A device for moving the platform may be provided for fitting it inside the tower section. The first or the second set of coupling elements in different levels are aligned along a longitudinal direction inside the tower section.|Wind turbine tower section, a wind turbine having such tower section and method for forming such tower section
09617970|A pumped storage power plant for a temporary reversible storage of energy, such as the energy available from wind power stations and/or photovoltaic systems that is fluctuating over time. The pumped storage power plant is designed as an underwater pumped storage power plant, wherein the ocean assumes the function of an upper storage basin and a pressure tank placed on the ocean floor serves as a lower storage basin. The storage of the electric energy takes place through pumping water out of the inside of the pressure tank against the hydrostatic water pressure on the ocean floor.|Pumped-storage power plant
09617980|A wind power generating system includes: a wind mill, an induction rotating machine coupled to a rotating shaft of the wind mill; a power converting device that supplies exciting current to the induction rotating machine; a heat medium circulating structure that circulates a heat medium that receives heat generated by the induction rotating machine; a heat accumulator that accumulates heat of the heat medium; a thermal power generator that converts, into electric power, the heat of the heat medium accumulated in the heat accumulator; and an armature control unit that controls the exciting current in accordance with electric power demand of an electric power system. The armature control unit performs one or both of power generation mode control in which the induction rotating machine is operated as a power generator and heat generation mode control in which the induction rotating machine is operated as a heat generator.|Wind power generating system
09617981|The invention relates to a wind turbine blade bearing removal apparatus and method for facilitating the change-over of the blade root bearing assembly (58) of a wind turbine blade (54). A plurality of support shoulders or yokes (60) are located on the hub (50) of the wind turbine rotor and provide attachment points for respective actuators (62). Corresponding attachment points (66) are provided in the wind turbine blade (54) via a blade support (section 64), which is constructed in the blade between the blade root bearing assembly (58) and the tip. The actuators (62) are mounted between the hub (50) and the blade root bearing assembly (58) and therefore support the blade (54) in a suspended position when the bearing is to be retained. The actuators (62) allow the blade to be easily reattached to the hub (50) when the blade root bearing replacement is completed.|Wind turbine blade bearing removal apparatus and method
09618420|A system and method for a surface strain gauge is described which has direct application to wind turbine structures and wind turbine blades and wind turbine struts. The invention is equally applicable to other airfoil structures such as aircraft wings and aircraft fuselages. The strain gauge comprises an array of carbon fiber material integrated with one or more microcontroller modules wherein the entire array may be incorporated into the surface of the structure to be monitored during manufacture of the structure. The array comprises separate sheets of carbon fiber reinforced epoxy which are linked together and which each comprise a separately addressable element such as a microcontroller wherein the microcontrollers are connected to a power supply and to a central bus which itself links to a central system controller. Differential measurements of the resistance of separate carbon fiber reinforced epoxy sheets may be determined in real time as well as the resistance between two or more sheets. In this way real time dynamic load monitoring can be performed and compared with original values determined at time of manufacture to provide data on fatigue of the structure with time before damage and failure occurs.|System and method for a surface strain gauge
09618911|A method and apparatus for a computer-implemented adaptive automation module comprising an event recorder to store one or more events for a predetermined period, and a timeline pattern generator logic to create a timeline for the predetermined period. The module further comprising marker creator logic to generate a marker to abstract the timeline data from the event data for controlling a device.|Automation of a programmable device
09618930|Due to the trend of using larger wafer diameter and smaller lot size, cluster tools need to switch from processing one lot of wafers to another frequently. It leads to more transient periods in wafer fabrication. Their efficient scheduling and control problems become more and more important. It becomes difficult to solve such problems, especially when wafer residency time constraints must be considered. This work develops a Petri net model to describe the behavior during the start-up transient processes of a single-arm cluster tool. Then, based on the model, for the case that the difference of workloads among the steps is not too large and can be properly balanced, a scheduling algorithm to find an optimal feasible schedule for the start-up process is given. For other cases schedulable at the steady state, a linear programming model is developed to find an optimal feasible schedule for the start-up process.|Scheduling start-up process for time-constrained single-arm cluster tools
09618931|A system. The system includes an apparatus and a server. The apparatus is configured for securely transporting an item from a first location to a second location, and includes a mobile robot and a cart. The cart is coupled to the mobile robot and includes at least one secure storage area. The server is communicably connected to the apparatus and includes a module. The module is configured to maintain a chain of custody record for the item.|System and method for securely transporting an item
09618940|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for an unmanned aerial system inspection system. One of the methods is performed by a UAV and includes receiving, by the UAV, flight information describing a job to perform an inspection of a rooftop. A particular altitude is ascended to, and an inspection of the rooftop is performed including obtaining sensor information describing the rooftop. Location information identifying a damaged area of the rooftop is received. The damaged area of the rooftop is traveled to. An inspection of the damaged area of the rooftop is performed including obtaining detailed sensor information describing the damaged area. A safe landing location is traveled to.|Unmanned aerial vehicle rooftop inspection system
09619521|A segmentation annotation technique for media items is disclosed herein. Given a weakly labeled media item, spatiotemporal masks may be generated for each of the concepts with which it is labeled. Segments may be ranked by the likelihood that they correspond to a given concept. The ranked concept segments may be utilized to train a classifier that, in turn, may be used to classify untagged or new media items.|Classification using concept ranking according to negative exemplars
09619750|An apparatus and method for store dependence prediction is described. For example, one embodiment of the invention includes a processor comprising a store buffer for buffering store operations prior to completion, the store operations to store data to a memory hierarchy; and a store dependence predictor to predict whether load operations should be permitted to speculatively skip over each store operation and responsively setting an indication within an entry associated with each store operation in the store buffer; wherein a load operation checks the indication in the store buffer to determine whether to speculatively execute ahead of each store operation.|Method and apparatus for store dependence prediction
09619751|Technologies are described herein for providing intelligent delivery of actionable content. Metadata that describes user activities at a computer system is analyzed to determine a need for actionable content. Actionable content is dynamically delivered to one or more client consoles when need for actionable content is presented. The actionable content may be presented in a number of forms, including links to, or the delivery of, video, text and/or image content. Actionable content may also include links or deliverable environments for enabling automatic engagement of a specific application scenario. The discovery and delivery of the actionable content may be improved by the use of one or more feedback mechanisms.|Intelligent delivery of actionable content
09619820|A system, method and computer program product for interfacing a decision engine and a marketing engine in order to provide vendor-related data in response to decision-related data is disclosed. In at least one embodiment, the system and method may include providing a decision engine on a user-accessible network; interfacing a marketing engine with the decision engine on the network; receiving a plurality of user inputs with the decision engine; processing decision-related data with the decision engine in accordance with the plurality of user inputs; sharing the decision-related data with the marketing engine; processing the decision-related data with the marketing engine; and transmitting vendor-related data via the network.|System, method and computer program product for interfacing software engines
09620961|A method for supplying internal consumers in a domestic appliance from a low voltage supply network, for example a photovoltaic power station or wind power station, includes classifying the internal consumers commensurate with a stored energy requirement of each internal consumer and supplying the internal consumers with energy commensurate with the classification. This protects against low voltage and excessive electric loads and against partial interruption of a treatment program for items when the low voltage supply is interrupted due to a temporary overload. The energy supply of the internal consumers is switched off in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is insufficient for supplying all internal consumers, and is switched back on again in stages, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is once again sufficient for supplying all internal consumers.|Method for supplying an electric domestic appliance from a low voltage supply network and a domestic appliance suitable for carrying out said method
09621500|A messaging system facilitates communication between users through various messaging channels. The messaging system supports multiple communication channels and includes a messaging module that automatically selects one or more of the messaging channels for delivering a message to a recipient of the message using, for example, a set of policy rules or a trained model. The messaging module may also provide, in a user interface for sending and receiving messages, a visual indication of the selected messaging channel to the sender of the message to provide the user with transparency about how the message will be delivered. Additionally, the message may be delivered via multiple messaging channels, where the messaging module may rescind messages from some of the messaging channels upon receiving a reply from the recipient of the message or other confirmation that the recipient has seen the message via one of the communication channels.|Messaging system with multiple messaging channels
09621681|A web-based hierarchical temporal memory (HTM) system in which one or more client devices communicate with a remote server via a communication network. The remote server includes at least a HTM server for implementing a hierarchical temporal memory (HTM). The client devices generate input data including patterns and sequences, and send the input data to the remote server for processing. The remote server (specifically, the HTM server) performs processing in order to determine the causes of the input data, and sends the results of this processing to the client devices. The client devices need not have processing and/or storage capability for running the HTM but may nevertheless take advantage of the HTM by submitting a request to the HTM server.|Hierarchical temporal memory (HTM) system deployed as web service
09622550|A robotic zipper system for joining and separating zipper halves of a zipper tape. A chassis retains an actuator that drives a zipper slide geometry along the zipper tape to join or separate the zipper tape. A sensor can determine zipper slide position, and a control module can provide an electrical signal to the motor to move in forward or reverse. The actuator can have a motor that drives a gear system that mechanically engages zipper teeth. Teeth of the gear system can be out of phase to mesh with alternating gaps between the zipper teeth. The actuator can be removable relative to a zipper slide. Zipper slide geometry could be integrated into the chassis, such as in the form of a channel, potentially with a central post. A sensor could be positioned to detect the presence or absence of zipper teeth through an opening in a base plate.|Methods and apparatus for robotic zipper
09622831|In a method and an apparatus to provide updated images during a robotically-implemented surgical procedure, 3D data are obtained of a volume of a patient, which includes anatomy involved in the procedure. The anatomy is segmented from a reconstructed image of the volume. During the procedure, the surgeon applies forces on the anatomy, causing a geometric change of the anatomy. Force sensors in the surgical robot detect these forces, which are supplied to a processor that controls display of the segmented anatomy at a display screen. From the applied forces and the physical properties of the anatomy, the processor calculates the geometric change of the anatomy that has occurred and modifies the appearance and/or position of the displayed segmented anatomy on the display screen in real time during the procedure, so as to visualize the geometric change.|Method and apparatus to provide updated patient images during robotic surgery
09623560|Methods and systems for operating at least one entity are provided. In one method, at least one entity is provided for operation in at least one area, where the area includes at least one human. Information is gathered regarding the human, where the information includes a location of at least one body portion of the human. It is determined whether or not the entity will contact the body portion of the human. The method also includes operating the entity to avoid contacting the body portion of the human so that the human is at least more likely to be safe from contact with the entity.|Methods of operating a mechanism and systems related therewith
09623561|A system and method for guidance of a moving robotic device through an approximated real time (ART) virtual video stream is presented. The system and method includes at least one camera for collecting images of a terrain in a remote location, at least one terrain data collecting device for collecting data from a remote location, a memory for storing images from the plurality of cameras, a communication device for transmitting the images and data over a path and a computer configured to calculate a delay between the cameras and the receiver. The calculated delay causes the computer to retrieve images and data from the receiver and memory and consequently generate an approximate real-time video and data stream for displaying the terrain-just-ahead of a moving robotic device at a distance proportional to the calculated delay and the ART video and data stream is used to guide the moving robotic device.|Real time approximation for robotic space exploration
09623950|A fuel tank and a differential frame in a fuselage airframe of a helicopter, the fuel tank being installed between the fuselage lower cover shell and the floor panel. The differential frame separates the fuel tank into two individual compartments, the differential frame having a web below the floor panel with a variable-height with a minimum height at the symmetry axis of the fuselage cross-section and a maximum height at lateral frame roots regions. A transversal beam is attached at each of its both ends to the differential frame bridging the entire variable-height of the differential frame and the fuel tank with two front and rear fuel bladders covering both individual tank compartments with a middle bladder installed between the transversal beam and the variable-height web of the differential frame.|Fuselage airframe
09623960|The present invention relates to a wing for an aircraft. The wing includes a main wing section extending from an inboard end to an outboard end along a lateral axis of the wing, the inboard end for connecting the main wing section to the aircraft. The wing also includes a wing tip having a proximal end and a distal end, the wing tip being rotatably mounted at the proximal end to the outboard end of the main wing section and arranged to freely rotate about a wing tip rotational center with respect to the main wing section.|Aircraft wing having continuously rotating wing tips
09623961|An aircraft assembly including a first part having a pin and a second part having a hook that is movable in an engagement plane to engage the pin to hold the first part in a condition relative to the second part. The pin has a prominent central portion and one or more axially spaced outer portions, the prominent portion is prominent with respect to the outer portions in the engagement plane to cause contact to be made between the hook and the pin within the central portion of the pin, rather than the outer portions of the pin.|Aircraft landing gear lock assembly
09785170|A dispatcher training simulating device includes an energy management system (EMS) actual measurement data loader configured to load EMS actual measurement data to the dispatcher training simulating device, an EMS actual measurement data initializing unit configured to calculate a power flow by adjusting a generator output in the loaded EMS actual measurement data, and generate initialized EMS actual measurement data based on whether the calculated power flow converges on a predetermined value, and a dispatcher training simulation providing unit configured to provide a dispatcher training simulation based on the initialized EMS actual measurement data.|Dispatcher training simulating device and operation method thereof
09785321|Briefly stated, technologies are generally described for controlling a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), using a user-interface (UI) selection unit, an action log unit, a pattern detector unit and/or an artificial intelligence (AI) player unit. In various examples, a system is described, where the system may be configured to control the action log unit to record logs of a user's actions input through a UI and associate the actions with status information of the user's character and opponent characters in the MMORPG. The system may control the pattern detector unit to extract correlation rules for the status information and the associated actions. The AI player unit may control a substitute player for the user based on the correlation rules, such that the substitute player can automatically reproduce actions of the user.|Controlling a massively multiplayer online role-playing game
09785450|Aspects of the present invention provide a solution for responding to a change in an environment of a computer system. In an embodiment, a set of triggered controlled event listener learners (T-CELLs) are deployed in the computer system. Each T-CELL of the set of T-CELLs is a self-contained, persistent software construct. Further, each T-CELL has the ability to communicate with the other T-CELLs in the computer system. These T-CELLs can, in response to detecting a change in the computer system, automatically create a new T-CELL to respond to the change.|Triggered controlled event listener learner
09785731|A method of projection a production characteristic includes receiving down well video image data depicting multiphase flow within the well, determining a flow rate data of at least one phase of the multiphase flow based on the down well video image data, and projecting the production characteristic based at least in part on the determined flow rate using a well performance model.|Prescriptive reservoir asset management
09785890|Data for a plurality of entities that can be offered a plurality of products can be obtained. The data can include categorical data and numeric data. Based on business constraints, some of all of the data can be selected. The selected data can be converted to another set of numeric data, wherein the categorical values are converted to numeric values. Dimensions of the converted data can be reduced to generate another set of data. Based on this another set of data, clusters of entities can be formed. The products can be grouped by assigning a unique product identifier of each product to a corresponding cluster. This grouping of products can be used by a predictive model to predict a likelihood of an entity to purchase a particular product in a future time period. Related methods, apparatus, systems, techniques and articles are also described.|Data-driven product grouping
09785891|Embodiments of a computer-implemented method for automatically analyzing a conversational sequence between multiple users are disclosed. The method includes receiving signals corresponding to a training dataset including multiple conversational sequences; extracting a feature from the training dataset based on predefined feature categories; formulating multiple tasks for being learned from the training dataset based on the extracted feature, each task related to a predefined label; and providing a model for each formulated task, the model including a set of parameters common to the tasks. The set includes an explicit parameter, which is explicitly shared with each of the formulated tasks. The method further includes optimizing a value of the explicit parameter to create an optimized model; creating a trained model for the formulated tasks using the optimized value of the explicit parameter; and assigning predefined labels for the formulated tasks to a live dataset based on the corresponding trained model.|Multi-task conditional random field models for sequence labeling
09785911|A method and system for piece-picking or piece put-away within a logistics facility. The system includes a central server and at least one mobile manipulation robot. The central server is configured to communicate with the robots to send and receive piece-picking data which includes a unique identification for each piece to be picked, a location within the logistics facility of the pieces to be picked, and a route for the robot to take within the logistics facility. The robots can then autonomously navigate and position themselves within the logistics facility by recognition of landmarks by at least one of a plurality of sensors. The sensors also provide signals related to detection, identification, and location of a piece to be picked or put-away, and processors on the robots analyze the sensor information to generate movements of a unique articulated arm and end effector on the robot to pick or put-away the piece.|System and method for piece-picking or put-away with a mobile manipulation robot
09786270|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on a computer storage medium, for generating acoustic models. In some implementations, a first neural network trained as an acoustic model using the connectionist temporal classification algorithm is obtained. Output distributions from the first neural network are obtained for an utterance. A second neural network is trained as an acoustic model using the output distributions produced by the first neural network as output targets for the second neural network. An automated speech recognizer configured to use the trained second neural network is provided.|Generating acoustic models
09786300|A non-intrusive speech quality estimation technique is based on statistical or probability models such as Gaussian Mixture Models ("GMMs"). Perceptual features are extracted from the received speech signal and assessed by an artificial reference model formed using statistical models. The models characterize the statistical behavior of speech features. Consistency measures between the input speech features and the models are calculated to form indicators of speech quality. The consistency values are mapped to a speech quality score using a mapping optimized using machine learning algorithms, such as Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines ("MARS"). The technique provides competitive or better quality estimates relative to known techniques while having lower computational complexity.|Single-sided speech quality measurement
09786650|A process for making and using a semiconductor wafer includes instantiating first and second designs of experiments (DOES), each comprised of at least two fill cells. The fill cells contain structures configured to obtain in-line data via non-contact electrical measurements ("NCEM"). The first DOE contains fill cells configured to enable non-contact (NC) detection of snake opens, and the second DOE contains fill cells configured to enable NC detection of metal island opens. The process may further include obtaining NC measurements from the first and/or second DOE(s) and using such measurements, at least in part, to selectively perform additional processing, metrology or inspection steps on the wafer, and/or on other wafer(s) currently being manufactured.|Process for making and using a semiconductor wafer containing first and second DOEs of standard cell compatible, NCEM-enabled fill cells, with the first DOE including snake open configured fill cells, and the second DOE including metal island open configu
09787160|An electrical machine with a rotor or the stator including a plurality of discrete field modules, and the other one of the rotor and the stator including a plurality of armature coils connected to different power converters. Each field module includes one or more field coils which can be activated independent of the field coils of the neighbouring field modules. When at least one of the field coils is inactivated, e.g. because of a defect, each of the power converters is allowing less power to pass through when an armature coil connected to it is moving over an inactivated field coil, and more power to pass through when the armature coil connected to it is moving over an activated field coil.|Fault-tolerant electrical generator operable with partial power
09787861|A method for proactively creating an image product includes capturing an image of an object in a first environment by a device, storing a library of personalized products each characterized by a product type, automatically recognizing the object in the image as having a product type associated with the library of personalized products, automatically creating a design for the personalized product of the product type using personalized content, automatically displaying the design of the personalized product of the product type incorporating the selected photo in the first environment on the device, and manufacturing a physical product based on the design of the personalized product.|Proactive creation of image-based products
09788030|A system having an adaptive browse feature and an adaptive flip feature is provided. The adaptive browse and flip features may be selected to receive program viewing suggestions. The system may provide a suggestion by displaying an adaptive browse region or adaptive flip region including a program suggestion. The system identifies programs to suggest based on a user=s viewing activity. The system uses different algorithms that are user-selectable and user-adjustable to identify program suggestions. The system may query a program guide database to build a list of programs having attributes similar to the attributes of the current program or the last viewed program. The system may use an adaptive learning algorithm such as a neural network. The neural network may be trained by the program guide by monitoring user-viewing activity. Each algorithm may be personalized for multiple users.|Television system with aided user program searching
09788481|A robotic mower navigation system has a plurality of landmark tags sequentially spaced along or inside a boundary wire. Each landmark tag has a unique identifier. The robotic mower has a detector for detecting the landmark tags, and a vehicle control unit having memory storing data for each of the landmark tags including the unique identifiers, a departure angle and a distance from the landmark tag to another non-sequential landmark tag. The vehicle control unit determines the shortest route to a specified destination based on the stored landmark tag data.|Robotic mower navigation system
09788600|The invention relates to devices and methods for designing and manufacturing customized footwear, and components thereof. An example method includes a method of designing at least a portion of a sole of an article of footwear customized for a user. The method includes the steps of determining at least one input parameter related to a user, analyzing the at least one input parameter to determine at least one performance metric of a foot of the user, and determining at least one customized structural characteristic of at least a portion of a sole of an article of footwear for the user based on the performance metric.|Customized footwear, and systems and methods for designing and manufacturing same
09788901|A robotic punch system employs a robot unit (70) and a control unit (80). The robot unit (70) includes a robot (71) and an endoscopic punch (72) mounted to the robot (71). The endoscopic punch (72) includes a calibrated spatial alignment of an endoscope (73) and a punch (74). The control unit (80) commands the robot (71) for deploying the endoscopic punch (72) in executing a puncture of an anatomical tissue (92).|Endoscopy-guided deployment of vessel punch
09788910|A tension mechanism for a robotically-controlled medical device measures the tension applied to an actuation tendon to provide feedback to a robotic controller. In one embodiment, the device comprises an elongated instrument, an elongated member, and a base. The elongated member is coupled to the distal end of the elongated instrument, configured to actuate the distal end of the elongated instrument in response to tension in the elongated member. The base is located at the proximal end of the elongated instrument, and comprises a first redirect surface that redirects the elongated member. The first redirect surface is coupled to a lever element that is configured to exert a reactive force on a sensor in response to tension in the elongated member.|Instrument-mounted tension sensing mechanism for robotically-driven medical instruments
09789610|Disclosed herein are methods and systems for determining a safe path for movement of an object by a robotic system. According to these implementations, the robotic system may determine a safety level for each of a plurality of relative orientations of an object. Each such relative orientation may define a spatial orientation of the object relative to direction of movement of the object. Based on the determined safety levels, the robotic system may then determine, for each of the plurality of relative orientations, a velocity limit for movement of the object with a particular relative orientation. Based at least in part on the determined velocity limits, the robotic system may then determine a path for moving the object from a first location to a second location. As such, the robotic system may move the object from the first location to the second location based on the determined path.|Safe path planning for collaborative robots
09789611|An example method may include i) detecting a disturbance to a gait of a robot, where the gait includes a swing state and a step down state, the swing state including a target swing trajectory for a foot of the robot, and where the target swing trajectory includes a beginning and an end; and ii) based on the detected disturbance, causing the foot of the robot to enter the step down state before the foot reaches the end of the target swing trajectory.|Handling gait disturbances with asynchronous timing
09789651|Methods for structure preserving topology optimization of lattice structures for additive manufacturing. A method includes receiving an initial lattice model, a physical objective of the initial lattice model to be optimized, forces to be applied to the initial lattice model and their respective locations, and an optimal volume ratio for an optimized lattice model, computing a bounding box of the initial lattice model and an axis-aligned voxel grid, computing an implicit scalar field representation of an initial volume ratio of the initial lattice model, mapping the loads to their respective locations in the axis-aligned voxel grid, performing an additive topology optimization on the initial lattice model to create the optimized lattice model until the initial volume ratio satisfies the optimal volume ratio, and storing the optimized lattice model.|Method for structure preserving topology optimization of lattice structures for additive manufacturing
09789701|A printing system includes a first member and a second member. The second member is positioned parallel to the first member. The system further includes a first extensible member and a second extensible member. The system further includes a first gripper and a second gripper. One end of the first extensible member is mounted to the first member and the other end of the first extensible member is mounted to the first gripper. One end of the second extensible member is mounted to the second member and the other end is mounted to the second gripper. A controller operates a first actuator operatively connected to the first and second extensible members.|System and method for printing on a three-dimensional (3D) curved object
09789950|The present invention is a canister-launched pyrotechnically actuated folding wing UAV. The invention features a method for reliable and irreversible locking of a foldable wing, while enabling compact storage, cost reduction, ease of deployment and aerodynamic performance unattainable in current folding-wing designs. In a specific embodiment, the UAV is pre-packaged in a deployment canister for single-button deployment. The UAV can be offered in a rental system in which part or the entirety of the device can be returned for refurbishing. Additionally, the device can be provided as a fully expendable unit.|Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) with multi-part foldable wings
09789960|Systems and methods for maintaining and stabilizing the position and orientation of a payload attached to a high-altitude balloon are provided. A payload may be attached to a powered gimbal. The powered gimbal may be configured to orient and position the payload in a plurality of directions corresponding to a first, second, and third rotational axis of the balloon-mounted payload system. After the payload is positioned by the powered gimbal, the position and orientation of the payload may be maintained and stabilized by one or more rotational stabilization devices. The stabilization by the one or more rotational stabilization devices can occur along any one, or combination of, the first, second, and third rotational axes.|Payload orientation control and stabilization
09789961|An aircraft including a fuselage, a cockpit and a cabin, wherein the cockpit is situated below the cabin and outside the nose, such as a lancet-shaped nose, of the aircraft and may extend to a front end of the aircraft, and the viewing surfaces in the cockpit may be entirely formed of digital display screens.|Aircraft comprising a cockpit delocalized outside an upper part of the nose
09789980|A method and apparatus for holding a panel. A rigid frame is secured on an aircraft on a rework area on the aircraft. A carrier is attached to the rigid frame. The panel is held on the carrier and the carrier moves the panel about a plurality of axes. The panel moves with the carrier such that the panel has a desired position relative to a rework opening in the rework area. The panel is attached to the aircraft while the panel is held in the desired position relative to the rework opening.|Method for holding a panel
09789981|A toilet for use on a space vehicle has a toilet bowl having a storage canister at a remote end for receiving human waste. The compactor includes a cable connected to a lever which pulls the cable in a direction forcing the compactor into the storage canister to compact the captured waste when the lever is actuated.|Compactor for space toilet
09790700|An underwater station may include a filter manipulator that is arranged to input a filter into a pool cleaning robot that is located in a filter replacement position and to assist in positioning the filter at a filtering position in which the filter is at least partially disposed within a fluid path formed between a first fluid opening and a second fluid opening of the housing thereby allowing the filter to apply a filtering operation on fluid that passes through the fluid path.|Autonomous pool cleaning robot
09623970|Methods, apparatuses and systems are disclosed relating to maintaining an outer mold line of a vehicle after a payload is deployed from the vehicle, and providing a low-force non-frangible method of deploying a payload from a vehicle.|Methods and apparatuses for payload deployment using low-force release and replacement of outer mold line panel
09623980|A fuel storage device (10) having at least one tank (15), the tank (15) having a casing (20) extending upwards from a bottom (21) to a top wall (22). The storage device (10) is provided with at least one inflatable bag (25) arranged inside said casing, said device including inflation/deflation means (35) for inflating each inflatable bag (25) at least in part so as to reach an inflated volume prior to filling the tank, and for deflating said inflatable bag after filling in order to guarantee the presence of an expansion volume inside said tank.|Fuel storage device, an aircraft, and a method
09624790|A locking system comprising a handle mounted such that it can rotate about an operating spindle, wherein the handle can move between a locked position and an unlocked position, a hook mounted on the handle and secured in rotation therewith, wherein the hook has a throat in which a latching point of a structure is designed to engage when the handle is in the locked position. The locking system comprises a key associated with the hook and by means of which it is possible to pass from the locked position to the unlocked position of the handle, wherein the key can be removed when the handle is in the locked position and cannot be removed when the handle is in the unlocked position.|Fan cowl locking system
09624830|In a method for the low-CO emissions part load operation of a gas turbine with sequential combustion, the opening of the row of variable compressor inlet guide vanes is controlled depending on the temperatures of the operative burners of the second combustor and simultaneously the number of operative burners is kept at a minimum. This leads to low CO emissions at partial load of the gas turbine.|Gas turbine with improved part load emissions behavior
09624831|An aircraft engine includes a precooler disposed within a nacelle. The precooler defines an ambient air passage and a bleed air passage. Air passes through the precooler from an ambient air inlet to an ambient air outlet. Bleed air passes through the precooler from a bleed air inlet to a bleed air outlet. Heat is transferred between the air and the bleed air via heat exchange within the precooler. At least one pressure relief door disposed proximate to the air outlet of the engine. A controller is operatively connected to the pressure relief door. The controller at least opens the pressure relief door based on a demand for increased flow of air through the ambient air passage.|System and method for operating a precooler in an aircraft
09624870|An adaptive fan system for a variable cycle turbofan engine having at least one turbine, includes a shaft structured to receive mechanical power from a turbine in the variable cycle turbofan engine and a first fan stage that is coupled directly to the shaft and is driven directly by the shaft. A transmission system is coupled to the shaft and a second fan stage is coupled to the shaft via the transmission system and is driven by the shaft via the transmission system. The transmission system is structured to selectively vary a speed between high and low speeds at which power is supplied from the shaft to the second fan stage relative to at least one of the shaft and the first fan stage, wherein the first fan stage and the second fan stage are configured to rotate in the same direction and at the same high speed to increase the mechanical power of the turbine.|Adaptive fan system for a variable cycle turbofan engine
09624901|The invention concerns a work platform for use in connection with work on a wing blade for a wind energy plant, where the work platform is typically used for working on a wing blade which is brought to a substantially vertical position, and where the work platform is hoisted up and down from a position above the workplace, typically from a region close to the root end of the wing or from the rotor hub. The work platform is provided with space for a person and is preferably adapted for positioning along a leading or trailing edge of a wing blade, and is further including at least two projecting arms for contact against the surface of the wing, where the projecting arms are provided with protective means between the arm and the wing surface. By such a work platform, the most comfortable working conditions can be achieved, as the work platform itself is particularly adapted for use in connection with wings for wind energy plants, and particularly because the projecting arms bear on the surfaces of the wing, whereby the movements of the work platform are secured in relation to the movements of the wing.|Work platform
09624910|A hatch cover is provided for a hatch of a nacelle for a wind driven power plant. The hatch cover includes several segments configured to remain within a hatch opening when a hatch is in an open position.|Hatch cover for wind driven power plant
09625571|Example implementations may relate to methods and systems for disturbing or deceiving sensors of robotic devices. Accordingly, a computing system may detect that a robotic device has entered a particular physical region. Responsively, the computing system may then determine at least one type of sensor that is associated with the robotic device and is used to detect reflected illumination that is reflected from an object. Based on the determined at least one type of sensor, the computing system may then select (i) at least one particular type of disturbing illumination and (ii) a target location within the particular physical region. Upon the selection, the computing system may direct at least one light source to emit the selected at least one particular type of disturbing illumination towards the selected target location so as to disturb the reflected illumination detectable by the robotic device using the at least one type of sensor.|Disabling robot sensors
09625581|A three-dimensional (3D) emitting apparatus includes a table on which an object is to be disposed, a robot arm to perform a task on the object, an emitting member provided at an end portion of the robot arm, and a controller to control an operation of the robot arm or a position of the emitting member, wherein the table and the robot arm may move relatively in a vertical or horizontal direction, the emitting member may move along a trajectory of rotation of the robot arm, and the trajectory of rotation may be provided in a form of a concentric sphere having a center at which a target point is disposed.|Three-dimensional (3D) emitting apparatus
09626361|System, apparatus, user equipment, and associated computer program and computing methods are provided for suggesting websites that are relevant based on the user's browsing history and past search results. In one aspect, a hosted computer application stores the user's browsing history and search results using a cloud-based storage facility, and computing methods, using machine learning techniques, are operative to predict websites the user may want to visit next. Example machine learning techniques may be configured to use non-parsed and unstructured data to identify patterns and map hundreds of thousands of data elements, to predict which website(s) the user might like to visit in a search/browsing session. Example machine learning techniques may be further operative to recognize patterns and analyze data at each interaction with the user. The training of example machine learning techniques is driven by user interaction, allowing the removal of non-relevant or less relevant websites from the suggested websites via a suitable user interface.|User-trained searching application system and method
09626600|An event analyzer includes an event log collection module configured to collect an event log, an event log storage module configured to convert the event log into an event matrix and to store the event matrix, an event occurrence-order determination module configured to determine occurrence-order of device events based on the event matrix, a Bayesian network generation module configured to specify device events serving as parent node candidates, to calculate evaluation values corresponding to each specified parent node candidate at a virtual device event obtained by shifting the device event serving as a processing object each unit time, and to select an device event serving as a parent node together with a shift amount, and an analysis module configured to output an device event estimated as a cause of an device event to be analyzed, or an device event estimated to occur later based on the shift amount.|Event analyzer and computer-readable storage medium
09626621|A method for training a deep neural network (DNN), comprises receiving and formatting speech data for the training, performing Hessian-free sequence training (HFST) on a first subset of a plurality of subsets of the speech data, and iteratively performing the HFST on successive subsets of the plurality of subsets of the speech data, wherein iteratively performing the HFST comprises reusing information from at least one previous iteration.|Systems and methods for combining stochastic average gradient and hessian-free optimization for sequence training of deep neural networks
09626630|A computing device determines one or more first degree correlations based on valuation information. The computing device determines one or more important variables based on at least a comparison between the absolute value of the one or more first degree correlations to a first threshold value. The computing device determines a valuation function based on at least one or more of the determined one or more important variables.|Machine learning customer valuation functions
09626631|An analysis device which analyzes a system that inputs input data including a plurality of input parameters and outputs output data, including an acquisition unit that acquires learning data including a plurality of sets of the input data and the output data, and a learning processing unit that learns, based on the acquired learning data, the amount of difference of output data corresponding to a difference between input parameters of two pieces of input data, an analysis method using the analysis device, and a program used in the analysis device are provided.|Analysis device, analysis method, and program
09628340|A computer-implemented method, a system, and a network include receiving network data from a network and non-network sourced data from one or more external sources relative to the network; performing data mining on the network data and the non-network sourced data; developing a predictive analytics model based on the data mining; and performing predictive analytics on the network data and the non-network sourced data using the predictive analytics model to detect likely future failures in the network. The network can include a Software Defined Network (SDN) operating at any of Layers 0, 1, 2 and/or 3.|Proactive operations, administration, and maintenance systems and methods in networks using data analytics
09628500|A security system detects anomalous activity in a network. The system logs user activity, which can include ports used, compares users to find similar users, sorts similar users into cohorts, and compares new user activity to logged behavior of the cohort. The comparison can include a divergence calculation. Origins of user activity can also be used to determine anomalous network activity. The hostname, username, IP address, and timestamp can be used to calculate aggregate scores and convoluted scores.|Network anomaly detection
09629340|A method for remote animal surveillance and distress monitoring includes detecting biometric and behavioral parameters of the animal, identifying novel events based on comparison of detected parameters to predefined parameter values and qualifications; determining whether a composite parameter value exceeds a predefined composite threshold value indicative of possible distress in the animal; and notifying remote caretakers of possible distress in the animal based on the composite value exceeding the predefined composite threshold value.|Mobile animal surveillance and distress monitoring
09629520|A medical robotic system includes articulated instruments extending out of a distal end of an entry guide. Prior to pivoting the entry guide to re-orient it and the instruments, the instruments are moved in tandem back towards the entry guide. Haptic cues and velocity limits are provided to assist the operator in the retraction of the instruments. After retraction, the entry guide may then be pivoted without concern that the instruments will harm patient anatomy. The movement of the instruments in tandem back towards the entry guide may also occur through coupled control modes while the entry guide is held in a fixed position and orientation.|Method and system for moving an articulated instrument back towards an entry guide while automatically reconfiguring the articulated instrument for retraction into the entry guide
09629680|A sterile surgical drape for protecting a robotic surgical system includes an oblong drape of a clear flexible plastic material, which unfolds from a compact packet. From the proximal side of the main panel of the drape there project two pocket flaps, which are separated by a medial trough. The two pocket flaps are configured to slip over one another and together enclose the top of the control tower in an overlapping fashion, such that the robotic manipulator arms extend on either side of the main panel, while the camera/endoscope arm extends through the medial trough. The open ends of the pocket flaps are folded over to form cuffs, wherein a nurse can insert his/her hand to draw the flap over the top of the tower without touching non-sterile surfaces. The unfolding of the main panel is controlled by adhesive tabs or tear strips, so that the bottom of the panel does not engage the cart's wheels or the floor.|Sterile drape for robotic surgical equipment
09630320|Methods and systems for detecting and reconstructing environments to facilitate robotic interaction with such environments are described. An example method may involve determining a three-dimensional (3D) virtual environment representative of a physical environment of the robotic manipulator including a plurality of 3D virtual objects corresponding to respective physical objects in the physical environment. The method may then involve determining two-dimensional (2D) images of the virtual environment including 2D depth maps. The method may then involve determining portions of the 2D images that correspond to a given one or more physical objects. The method may then involve determining, based on the portions and the 2D depth maps, 3D models corresponding to the portions. The method may then involve, based on the 3D models, selecting a physical object from the given one or more physical objects. The method may then involve providing an instruction to the robotic manipulator to move that object.|Detection and reconstruction of an environment to facilitate robotic interaction with the environment
09630321|Example systems and methods allow for dynamic updating of a plan to move objects using a robotic device. One example method includes determining a virtual environment by one or more processors based on sensor data received from one or more sensors, the virtual environment representing a physical environment containing a plurality of physical objects, developing a plan, based on the virtual environment, to cause a robotic manipulator to move one or more of the physical objects in the physical environment, causing the robotic manipulator to perform a first action according to the plan, receiving updated sensor data from the one or more sensors after the robotic manipulator performs the first action, modifying the virtual environment based on the updated sensor data, determining one or more modifications to the plan based on the modified virtual environment, and causing the robotic manipulator to perform a second action according to the modified plan.|Continuous updating of plan for robotic object manipulation based on received sensor data
09630700|A device for opening an aircraft door, comprising: a support arm arranged between the aircraft fuselage and the aircraft door; an opening system for opening the aircraft door; a support arm cover covering the support arm in the closed position of the aircraft door, the support arm cover having a cover element, and a flap element which swivels between being flush with the cover element, and a state in which the flap element overlaps the cover element; and a guide system for guiding the flap element, wherein the guide system has at least one guide arm, one end of which is joined in an articulated manner to the support arm, and the other end of which is joined to at least one guide element, which guide element can be guided along a guide track on the inner side of the flap element, when the aircraft door is opened.|Device for opening an aircraft door
09630710|Unmanned aerial vehicles and methods for providing the same are disclosed. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to a support frame. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations with a continuous track for ground propulsion. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to payload clamps.|Unmanned aerial vehicle
09630720|An armrest for arrangement between two seats, especially two passenger seats of a vehicle such as an aircraft is provided, having at least one first support portion for an arm of a first person and at least one second support portion for an arm of a second person wherein the first and second support portions provide different height levels.|Armrest and seat arrangement comprising the same
09630721|A system for supplying passengers with air comprises an air supply line and an individual air panel with at least one air nozzle. The air supply line can be fitted with a plurality of laterally situated air outlets, which are spaced apart at uniform distances from each other. The individual air panel comprises an air tap opening with a width and length, wherein the length is several times greater than the width. The individual air panel can be variably positioned in the longitudinal direction on the air supply line in such a way that the air tap opening in the longitudinal direction is arranged parallel to the air supply line, and that the air tap opening covers at least one air outlet. In this way, air can flow out of the air supply line through the air outlet and air tap opening to the air nozzle.|Air transmission system for flexible passenger supply units
09631501|Wind turbine blade has a longitudinal direction and includes a shell structure made of a fiber-reinforced polymer material including a polymer matrix and reinforcement material comprising a plurality of carbon fiber layers embedded in the polymer matrix. At least a portion of the shell structure is formed of a laminate 6 comprising at least one metal filament layer 15, 18 comprising metal filaments and being sandwiched between two carbon fiber layers 16, 16; 17, 18 comprising carbon fibers only. The carbon fiber layers are arranged contiguously with the metal filament layer.|Wind turbine blade comprising metal filaments and carbon fibres and a method of manufacturing thereof
09631560|A method of noise control from a combustor of a gas turbine engine includes selectively forming a plurality of local circumferential zones with different fuel-air ratios within the combustor.|Fuel-air mixture distribution for gas turbine engine combustors
09631601|The present invention pertains to a wind power installation (1) for generating energy, especially electric power, by means of the movement of ambient air, which installation comprises a flow channel (3), in which the ambient air is formed into a stream which flows through the channel, wherein the flow channel (3) comprises an outer jacket (5) forming its boundary, with: a first section (A) with a tapering, funnel-like cross section, into which a first portion of ambient air enters and is accelerated; a second section (B) of essentially constant cross section, in which a rotor (20) is present, which can be set into rotation by the through-flowing ambient air, wherein the second section (B) comprises a tubular extension (67); a third section (C), through which the tubular extension (67) of the second section (B) extends and which comprises a tapering, tubular inlet funnel (44), which surrounds the tubular extension (67) and serves to allow a second portion of ambient air to enter the flow channel (3); a fourth section (D), in which the tubular extension of the second section (B) terminates, and which comprises a plane of the least cross section (the "0" plane) of the flow channel through which the first and second portions of ambient air flow; a fifth, expanding, section (E); and a sixth section (F), which follows the fifth section (E), and in which at least one air acceleration device (11) is arranged.|Wind power installation
09631930|Some embodiments of the invention provide a novel prediction engine that (1) can formulate predictions about current or future destinations and/or routes to such destinations for a user, and (2) can relay information to the user about these predictions. In some embodiments, this engine includes a machine-learning engine that facilitates the formulation of predicted future destinations and/or future routes to destinations based on stored, user-specific data. The user-specific data is different in different embodiments. In some embodiments, the stored, user-specific data includes data about any combination of the following: (1) previous destinations traveled to by the user, (2) previous routes taken by the user, (3) locations of calendared events in the user's calendar, (4) locations of events for which the user has electronic tickets, and (5) addresses parsed from recent e-mails and/or messages sent to the user. In some embodiments, the prediction engine only relies on user-specific data stored on the device on which this engine executes. Alternatively, in other embodiments, it relies only on user-specific data stored outside of the device by external devices/servers. In still other embodiments, the prediction engine relies on user-specific data stored both by the device and by other devices/servers.|Warning for frequently traveled trips based on traffic
09632101|A system for processing samples by a robotic platform has a tray that defines a well defining a drain. The well has a bottom surface, an access port in fluid communication with the drain, and an insert adapted to be received in the well. The insert has a bottom wall and a side wall. At least one of the bottom wall and the side wall define a plurality of openings, such that an interior of the insert is in fluid communication with the well when the insert is inserted into the well.|Systems and trays for processing samples by a robotic platform
09633310|Systems, methods, and devices use search terms, current state information, historical data, and expected location hints to predict where a user may be when a search may be relevant. In an embodiment, search terms entered on a first user computing device may be combined with location information resident on a second user computing device to determine where a user is likely to be and what results are likely to be relevant to a user in the future. In a further embodiment, relevant search terms indicative of time, such as "tomorrow" or "tonight," and/or user-related information may also be used to return predictive search results. In a further embodiment, user-related information from other users may also be used to return predictive search results.|Predictive searching with modified search terms that are based on behaviors
09633311|A method of generating a decision tree is provided. A leaf assignment for each proposed split in generating the decision tree is incremented using a Gray code.|Decision tree learning
09635050|In one embodiment, data flows are received in a network, and information relating to the received data flows is provided to a machine learning attack detector. Then, in response to receiving an attack detection indication from the machine teaming attack detector, a traffic segregation procedure is performed including: computing an anomaly score for each of the received data flows based on a degree of divergence from an expected traffic model, determining a subset of the received data flows that have an anomaly score that is lower than or equal to an anomaly threshold value, and providing information relating to the subset of the received data flows to the machine learning attack detector.|Distributed supervised architecture for traffic segregation under attack
09635101|Described herein is a system and method for dynamically managing service-level objectives (SLOs) for workloads of a cluster storage system. Proposed states/solutions of the cluster may be produced and evaluated to select one that achieves the SLOs for each workload. A planner engine may produce a state tree comprising nodes, each node representing a proposed state/solution. New nodes may be added to the state tree based on new solution types that are permitted, or nodes may be removed based on a received time constraint for executing a proposed solution or a client certification of a solution. The planner engine may call an evaluation engine to evaluate proposed states, the evaluation engine using an evaluation function that considers SLO, cost, and optimization goal characteristics to produce a single evaluation value for each proposed state. The planner engine may call a modeler engine that is trained using machine learning techniques.|Proposed storage system solution selection for service level objective management
09635181|A system that is adapted to route interactions to contact center agents. More specifically, the system is adapted to identify an interaction to be routed, and identify a group of agents based on one or more constraints for generating one or more candidate agents. The system is also adapted to gather context data surrounding the candidate agents. For each agent of the candidate agents, the system is adapted to estimate an expected value to be obtained by routing the interaction to the agent. The system is further adapted to select a particular agent of the candidate agents based on the estimates, and signal a routing device for routing the interaction to the particular agent.|Optimized routing of interactions to contact center agents based on machine learning
09636000|A single port entry surgical instrument has an elongated structure with lumens through which surgical tools and an image capturing device may be inserted and controllably extended out of its distal end for performing a medical procedure, a tubular-shaped balloon disposed around the elongated structure, and an expandable retractor disposed around the balloon so that when the balloon is inflated, the retractor expands and locks in an expanded configuration to retract extraneous tissue. The port entry may be secured using the expandable retractor or sealed using another inflatable balloon disposed around the proximal end of the elongated structure and centered in the port entry.|Retraction of tissue for single port entry, robotically assisted medical procedures
09636040|A surgical system includes a flexible steerable needle and a shape sensor for measuring the shape of the needle. The surgical system can be manual (e.g., laparoscopic), robotic, or any combination of the two. By directly measuring the shape of the needle, complex and potentially inaccurate modeling of the needle to determine trajectory and insertion depth can be avoided in favor of much more robust direct measurement and modeling of needle shape and/or pose.|Steerable flexible needle with embedded shape sensing
09636821|An industrial robot may include a main body part; a plurality of levers having base end sides turnably connected with the main body part; a plurality of arm parts having respective base end sides turnably connected with respective tip end sides of the plurality of the levers; a movable part which is turnably connected with the respective tip end sides of the plurality of the arm parts; and a plurality of turning drive mechanisms for respectively turning the plurality of the levers. The plurality of the levers may radially extend to an outer peripheral side of the main body part at a substantially equal pitch. The arm part may provided with two arms which are mutually parallel to each other and are formed in a straight shape.|Industrial robot
09637220|The support assembly comprises a fixing system which comprises a first connection rod which is connected via a first end to a support component and which is configured to generate a primary force path and a second connection rod which is connected via a first end to the support component and which is configured to generate a secondary force path, the fixing system further comprising a beam which is fixed to a structural component, the second end of the first connection rod and the second end of the second connection rod being connected to the beam, which is arranged so that the directions of the first and second connection rods are oriented in accordance with a plane substantially orthogonal to the plane of the support component.|Supporting set for a wing flap system of an aircraft
09637221|A method and apparatus for controlling a propeller of a contra-rotation open fan (CROF) engine of an aircraft is provided. A diameter of the propeller is set to be at a first diameter during at least a portion of a first flight condition of the aircraft. The diameter of the propeller is set to be at a second diameter, different from the first diameter, during at least a portion of a second flight condition of the aircraft.|Optimization of downstream open fan propeller position and placement of acoustic sensors
09637230|In at least some implementations, an aircraft includes a fuselage, a wing spar rotatably carried by the fuselage, a first wing element and a second wing element. The first wing element is carried by the wing spar, rotatable with the wing spar, and slidably moveable relative to the fuselage and wing spar. The second wing element is connected to the first wing element for pivoted movement of the second wing element relative to the first wing element. The second wing element at least partially overlaps the first wing element and the first and second wing elements are moveable to a plurality of positions wherein the amount that the second wing element overlaps the first wing element varies to vary the effective combined wing area of the wing elements.|Aircraft and convertible wing assembly
09637240|An aircraft propulsion power plant for use in an aircraft includes one or more core engines housed in an airframe of the aircraft, one or more secondary propulsion units, each of the one or more secondary propulsion units being removably attached to the airframe, and one or more power transmission means, each of the one or more power transmission means being configured to transmit mechanical power from the or each core engine to a corresponding one of the or each secondary propulsion unit when the or each secondary propulsion unit is attached to the airframe.|Aircraft powerplant
09637241|A method and apparatus comprising a frame, a first linking system connected to the frame, and a second linking system connected to the frame. The frame may be configured to be connected to a support structure for an engine of an aircraft. The first linking system may be configured to be connected to a fan case in the engine. The second linking system is configured to be connected to an engine core case in the engine.|Engine mounting system for an aircraft
09637310|Techniques for improving the efficiency and flexibility of inventory systems are described. In an example, multiple robots may be operated to move an item. The robots may be allocated to a mobile robot group configured to move the item according to an arrangement of these robots. Tasks for incrementally moving the item and dependencies between the tasks may be generated. Instructions about a first task may be sent to one of the robots. Progress about performing the first task may be received back from the robot. Based on the progress and a dependency from the first task, instructions about a second dependent task may be sent to a second robot. When performed by the respective robots, the first task and the second task may cause an incremental movement of the item by the mobile robot group.|Mobile robot group for moving an item
09638101|At least one controller manages a gas turbine engine driving a generator directly or indirectly coupled to the engine. The controller is programmed to automatically determine and adjust inputs to the gas turbine engine in order to cause the generator to produce a user-specified electrical output. Multiple sets of generator, engine, and controller may be used, in which case a master controller individually manages the other controllers to collectively provide the a user-specified electrical output.|System and method for automatically controlling one or multiple turbogenerators
09638170|A method and an apparatus are provided for initiating rotation of blades of a wind turbine when wind speed is less than a cut-in speed. A solar powered wind turbine apparatus includes a solar dome with photovoltaic cells, operably connected to a rotor assembly, and an electric motor. The photovoltaic cells convert solar energy from incident sunlight into electrical energy. The electric motor electrically connected to the photovoltaic cells rotates the blades of the rotor assembly using the electrical energy from the photovoltaic cells. The electric motor powered by the photovoltaic cells initiates the rotation of the blades of the rotor assembly when wind speed is less than the cut-in speed, and therefore reduces or eliminates the cut-in speed required to rotate the blades. The blades of the rotor assembly thereafter continue to rotate in response to a force of wind on the blades and/or the powered electric motor.|Solar powered wind turbine apparatus for reducing or eliminating wind cut-in speed
09638171|A method of operating a wind turbine is provided. The wind turbine includes a rotor that is rotatably coupled to a generator that is positioned within a nacelle. The rotor includes one or more rotor blades that are coupled to a hub. The method includes transmitting, from a first sensor to a control system, at least a first monitoring signal indicative of a first wind condition at a first distance from the wind turbine. A second sensor transmits at least a second monitoring signal that is indicative of a second wind condition at a second distance from the wind turbine that is longer than the first distance to the control system. The control system calculates a wind turbine operating command based at least in part on the first monitoring signal and the second monitoring signal. One or more wind turbine components are operated based on the calculated wind turbine operating command.|System and methods for controlling wind turbine
09638201|An air bleed system for a jet engine is provided. The air bleed system is located in the low pressure compressor chamber and comprises a movable bleed valve and a stationary, annular bleed case having a forward section and an aft section and ligaments connecting the two sections and providing structural support to the bleed case. The ligaments are machined from the bleed case into an aerodynamic shape that maximizes the flow of air through the bleed ports.|Machined aerodynamic intercompressor bleed ports
09638230|A composite part includes a first structural element. The composite part includes a second structural element joined at an intersection with the first structural element to form a fillet. The composite part further includes reinforcement webbing wrapped around the first structural element proximate the fillet.|Composite structure and method
09639070|A method for controlling a turbine is proposed, which is characterized at any point in the control by a hidden state. The dynamic behavior of the turbine is modeled with a recurrent neural network comprising a recurrent hidden layer. In this case, the recurrent hidden layer is formed from vectors of neurons, which describe the hidden state of the turbine at the time points of the regulation, wherein two vectors are chronologically linked for each time point with a first connection bridging a time and second connection bridging at least two points in time. Short-term effects can be controlled by means of the first connections and long-term effects can be adjusted by means of the second connections. Secondly, emissions and also occurring dynamics in the turbine can be minimized. Furthermore, a regulating device and a turbine with such a regulating device are proposed.|Controlling a turbine with a recurrent neural network
09639080|A controller for controlling a machine tool and a robot includes a storage unit, configured to store an input machining program including a statement for machine tool and a statement for robot, and a machining program distribution unit configured to transfer the statement for machine tool, out of the statements for machine tool and statements for robot that are included in the stored machining program, to the machine tool control unit and to transfer the statement for robot to the robot control unit.|Controller for controlling machine tool and robot
09639521|Embodiments presented herein describe techniques for generating a linguistic model of input data obtained from a data source (e.g., a video camera). According to one embodiment of the present disclosure, a sequence of symbols is generated based on an ordered stream of normalized vectors generated from the input data. A dictionary of words is generated from combinations of the ordered sequence of symbols based on a frequency at which combinations of symbols appear in the ordered sequence of symbols. A plurality of phrases is generated based an ordered sequence of words from the dictionary observed in the ordered sequence of symbols based on a frequency by which combinations of words in ordered sequence of words appear relative to one another.|Cognitive neuro-linguistic behavior recognition system for multi-sensor data fusion
09639581|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for ranking query completions based on activity session data. One of the methods includes receiving a query prefix from a user. A reference parameter for the user is obtained. One or more likely queries that are likely to co-occur with the reference parameter in user activity sessions are identified, wherein each likely query has an associated prediction score. A ranking of the one or more likely queries is provided in response to receiving the query prefix.|Query completions
09639601|A system and method provide for querying a knowledge base. The knowledge base includes a plurality of layers, each layer corresponding to a different type of information, such as user's intent, lack of knowledge, and specific issue. The system includes categorization rules for categorizing at least a part of a user's request according to the types of information and for mapping the request to respective layers of the knowledge base. The user's request is categorized with the categorization rules and mapped to one of the layers of the knowledge base, based on the categorization. A search is conducted for responsive problem descriptions among the problem descriptions in that layer. The system and method can thus provide for differential searching of the knowledge base, depending on the type of information being sought.|Question answering system adapted to style of user requests
09639820|Techniques are provided that produce a risk profile consisting of a risk score and trends of risk scores across devices and sensors in a machine-to-machine (M2M) or Internet of things (IOT) environment. For example, a device is assigned a risk score which is based on baseline factors such as expected network packets between two devices, normal network packets, access to critical devices, authorized access requests from one device to another device, normal communications to a device, and the critical ports of a device; access to and conflicts across physical, logical, and operational systems; historical and current usage of these systems, and anomalies from normal behavior patterns. Techniques encompass risk management by computing a risk score in a timely fashion in accordance with an architecture that enables achieving the required scaling necessitated by the huge number of devices in the machine-to-machine (M2M) or Internet of things (IOT) environment.|Systems, structures, and processes for interconnected devices and risk management
09641050|A wind turbine generator comprising a rotor, a stator and an air gap between a gap-delimiting region of the stator and a gap-delimiting region of the rotor; wherein the rotor and/or the stator are deformable under operational loads and configured in such a way that the air gap resulting from the presence of operational loads is more uniform than the air gap in the absence of operational loads. A method for optimizing an air gap between a gap-delimiting region of a stator and a gap-delimiting region of a rotor of a wind turbine generator, said rotor and/or said stator being deformable under operational loads and said optimization consisting in that the air gap resulting from the presence of the set of operational loads is more uniform than the air gap in the absence of the set of operational loads.|Wind turbine generator
09641770|The algorithm of the present disclosure works in conjunction with a user device (e.g., a mobile phone) capable of acquiring and displaying an image, and a server. First and second portions of the algorithm can be resident on the user device and the server, respectively. The algorithm can receive the image, as well as other information from the device such as the location and compass heading of the device, and time of day. The algorithm can obtain information relating to an object in the image, and display the data set on or near the object in the image. The data set can contain information relevant to or about the object. The algorithm can automatically detect whether the data set is in the right location, and if not, calculate and apply an offset to the data set. The algorithm can also store data from multiple users and analyze this data over a period of time to determine the accuracy of the same.|Algorithm and devices for calibration and accuracy of overlaid image data
09643320|A pharmacy automation system having a robot having a hardware device and a software for internal mapping to perform simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is disclosed herein. The robot is configured to use the SLAM technique to carry out at least the following different interactions: the robot communicates autonomously with a physician or an assistant directly or via an intermediary; the robot interacts with an inventory of goods and browses the inventory of goods to determine if a prescribed medication is available in the pharmacy; if the prescribed medication is available in the pharmacy, the robot interacts with a medication dispenser, using the internal mapping to fill a container with the prescribed medication, and store the container; when a patient or a proxy arrives to pick up the prescribed medication, the robot checks and approves an identification of the patient or the proxy; and when the patient or proxy presents a prescription containing the prescribed medication, the robot retrieves the container with the prescribed medication and hands the container with the prescribed medication over to the patient or proxy.|Automated delivery of good using autonomous robot
09643321|A dancing robot includes a play unit, a processor, and a memory. The play unit plays music. The processor analyzes a musical tempo of the music. The memory stores a relationship between different musical tempos and movement patterns of the robot. The robot can move its head, body, and arms in certain movement patterns in time to the music, and if a human face is recognized through a camera of the robot, the robot can be controlled to give the appearance of dancing with the person who has the recognized face.|Robot capable of dancing with musical tempo
09643600|To provide a vehicle control system capable of promptly achieving a travel motion along a travel path. A yaw moment control amount is imparted according to a traveling-direction virtual line extending from an ego vehicle in a traveling direction and a formed angle between the traveling-direction virtual line and a travel-path defining line.|Vehicle control system
09643710|An automated system for joining at least two portions of a chassis includes an actuation device (3) adapted to move at least one portion in the space "XYZ" with three degrees of freedom. A central control unit (5) controls each actuation device (3) as a function of data obtained through sensors (7). The sensors (7) can continuously determine, on each chassis portion, key points (A, B, C) which are univocal for each portion. The central control unit (5), depending on data from the sensors (7), activates the actuation device (3) to bring near and connect the at least two portions, while the sensors (7) monitor the relative position between the key points (A, B, C) of the portions and the absolute position of the portions in the space "XYZ". A method is associated with the automated joining system for automatically joining at least two portions to manufacture a chassis.|Automated system for joining portions of a chassis and method thereof
09643720|A vertical-takeoff aircraft with a wing. A first drive unit and a second drive unit are swivellably mounted on the wing. The first drive unit and the second drive unit are arranged on the wing at a distance from a wing-end of the wing. A first distance between the first drive unit and a longitudinal axis of the aircraft is approximately equal to a second distance between the second drive unit and the longitudinal axis of the aircraft. The first drive unit and the second drive unit are swivellable into a horizontal flying position and a vertical flying position. In the horizontal flying position the first drive unit is arranged above a wing surface and the second drive unit below the wing surface on the wing. In the vertical flying position the first drive unit and the second drive unit are arranged in an approximately horizontal plane. The first drive unit and the second drive unit each have a swivel arm, wherein the swivel arms are swivellably mounted on the wing.|Vertical-takeoff aircraft
09643730|An aircraft door 18 which closes an opening of a storage space 16 for storing a RAT 13 as an accessory and which is opened in association with deployment of the RAT 13 from the storage space 16, the door including: a door body 20 that opens and closes the opening, and whose front surface faces an outside and whose rear surface faces the storage space 16 in a closed state; and a fence 24 that rises from the rear surface of the door body 20. In a traveling direction of the aircraft, the fence 24 is located anterior to a position where the RAT 13 is stored. The fence 24 prevents an airflow Air from passing through between the RAT 13 and the door body 20 in an initial stage where the door 18 starts to be opened, thereby suppressing the aerodynamic force in the closing direction acting on the door body 20.|Aircraft door and aircraft comprising the same
09643740|An attitude estimator that uses sun sensor outputs as the only attitude determination measurements to provide three-axis attitude information. This is accomplished by incorporating the Euler equation into the estimator. An unscented Kalman filter is employed to accommodate various nonlinear characteristics and uncertainties of the spacecraft dynamics and thus improve the robustness and accuracy of the attitude estimate.|Gyroless three-axis sun acquisition using sun sensor and unscented kalman filter
09643741|A liquid storage device for a propellant tank in a spacecraft includes a gas-guide tube, a cover plate, a housing, blades, a supporting column, a base, a passage-window pressing plate, a passage-window mesh piece, a liquid-storage-device mesh piece, a fixing block, and a pressing plate for the liquid-storage-device mesh piece. The blades are uniformly distributed on and fixed to the support column in a radial direction to form an integral structure, and the integral structure is mounted on and fixed to a circular partition plate in the base. The liquid-storage-device mesh piece is pressed on the circular partition plate in the base by the pressing plate for the liquid-storage-device mesh piece and then is fixed. The passage-window mesh piece is pressed on the outer side of a cylinder wall of the base by the passage-window pressing plate and then is fixed.|Hydraulic accumulator for propellant tank in spacecraft
09644540|A collector 3 that collects particles P contained in a fluid includes: a bent pipe 31 that guides the fluid flowing from a first direction X in a second direction Z; a branch pipe 32 that causes the fluid guided in the second direction Z to branch into the second direction Z and a third direction Y; a collection pipe 34 in which the particles P in the fluid guided in the second direction Z by the branch pipe 32 are collected; and a reduction-expansion pipe 33 which is arranged between the bent pipe 31 and the branch pipe 32 and of which the flow path is narrowed while being biased to an inlet side of the bent pipe 31.|Collector and gas turbine plant provided with same
09644610|The disclosure is provides for warning a wind turbine generator (WTG) in a wind park of an extreme wind event. According to one embodiment, one or more front line WTGs of the wind park that detect extreme wind events and provide the warning are adaptively selected based on a measured wind direction. Thus, the selection of front line WTGs is adaptive to changing wind conditions. In another embodiment, a wind park includes a group of one or more WTGs of a first type located in an inner region of the wind park and a plurality of WTGs of a second type located in an outer region of the wind park that at least partially surrounds the inner region. The first type of WTG is structurally weaker and/or rated for higher performance than the second type of WTG.|Warning a wind turbine generator in a wind park of an extreme wind event
09644611|A device comprising a vertical axis wind turbine comprising an arm, a housing coupled to the arm, a generator housed within the housing, and a blade extending along the housing vertically.|Vertical axis wind turbines
09645040|Inspecting and/or testing of inline conveyed devices is performed in that a monitoring unit is applied to a device. The monitoring unit is removed in a removing area. Within the timespan the monitoring unit is applied to the device, the monitoring unit is operated in a standalone operating mode. During a timespan information about the device to which the monitoring unit is applied is collected in the monitoring unit. This timespan of collecting includes at least a part of the timespan during which the monitoring unit is operated in standalone mode.|Method of inline inspecting and/or testing devices and apparatus to perform such method
09645560|A power controller is provided in a consumer having a load equipment and controls an operation of the load equipment. The power controller comprises: an acquisition unit that acquires a plurality of operation modes for determining an operation status of the load equipment, or acquires operation parameters configuring each of the plurality of operation modes and being for controlling the load equipment; a setting unit that sets any of the plurality of operation modes of the load equipment; a provisional operation control unit that provisionally operates the load equipment on the basis of the plurality of operation modes; and a measurement unit that measures, for each of the plurality of operation modes, a provisional power consumption consumed by the load equipment, during the provisional operation of the load equipment.|Power controller, control system, and control method
09645580|A homeostatic flying hovercraft preferably utilizes at least two pairs of counter-rotating ducted fans to generate lift like a hovercraft and utilizes a homeostatic hover control system to create a flying craft that is easily controlled. The homeostatic hover control system provides true homeostasis of the craft with a true fly-by-wire flight control and control-by-wire system control.|Radio-controlled flying craft
09646130|A system includes a simulator device having a computing device having a computer processor and a computer readable medium. The simulator device further includes a communication port configured for communicating with an emissions inspection tool. The simulator device also has a database associated with the computing device and including multiple vehicle profiles, wherein individual ones of the multiple vehicle profiles include a plurality of Engine Control Units (ECUs), and wherein individual ones of the plurality of ECUs are configured to simulate a plurality of Parameter IDs (PIDs) and corresponding response codes. The individual ones of the multiple vehicle profiles are independently selectable for providing at least one PID response code to the vehicle inspection tool. The computing device is configured to perform a vehicle simulation for auditing a vehicle inspection tool.|Vehicle simulator system
09646201|The disclosed technology automatically (e.g., programmatically) initializes predictive information for tracking a complex control object (e.g., hand, hand and tool combination, robot end effector) based upon information about characteristics of the object determined from sets of collected observed information. Automated initialization techniques obviate the need for special and often bizarre start-up rituals (place your hands on the screen at the places indicated during a full moon, and so forth) required by conventional techniques. In implementations, systems can refine initial predictive information to reflect an observed condition based on comparison of the observed with an analysis of sets of collected observed information.|Three dimensional (3D) modeling of a complex control object
09646230|Neural-network-based image segmentation techniques are provided herein. An input image that includes a plurality of characters can be received. Boundaries between the characters can be identified using a trained neural network. The input image can be segmented along the boundaries identified between the characters. The neural network can be trained using a training image and a training target vector. The training target vector can indicate one or more boundaries between characters in the training image. Neural-network-based segmentation can be used alone or in conjunction with other segmentation techniques to improve overall segmentation accuracy.|Image segmentation in optical character recognition using neural networks
09646250|A cognitive system that automatically assesses subjective answers may be provided. A cognitive engine executing on one or more processors may determine whether a statement parsed from a subjective answer by natural language processing technique is accurate or inaccurate, for each of the plurality of statements based on matching the statement with information associated with a domain of a question from a plurality of data sources, according to an accuracy threshold. An overall assessment of the answer may be automatically determined based on a number of statements determined to be accurate, a number of statements determined to be inaccurate, a number of duplicate statements in the answer relative to a total number of statements in the answer. A visual graphics representing accurate and inaccurate statements may be presented or displayed, allowing a user to interact with the visual graphics to modify the assessment.|Computer-implemented cognitive system for assessing subjective question-answers
09646251|A computer processor determines a first span of a communication, wherein a span includes content associated with one or more dialog statements. If the content of the first span contains one or more topic change indicators which are identified by at least one detector of a learning model, the computer processor, in response, generates scores for each of the one or more indicators. The computer processor aggregates scores of the one or more indicators of the first span, which may be weighted, to produce an aggregate score. The computer processor compares the aggregate score to a threshold value, wherein the threshold value is determined during training of the learning model, and the computer processor, in response to the aggregate score crossing the threshold value, determines a topic change has occurred within the first span.|Detection of communication topic change
09646260|Techniques are described for adding knowledge to a knowledge base in which alternative information retrieval techniques are used to obtain missing information from an available corpus of documents (e.g., the World Wide Web). Existing relationships in a knowledge base are used to identify entities for which the relationships are not expressed in the knowledge base. The alternative information retrieval techniques are then used to find this information.|Using existing relationships in a knowledge base to identify types of knowledge for addition to the knowledge base
09646261|The present invention is a biometric security system and method operable to authenticate one or more individuals using physiological signals. The method and system may comprise one of the following modes: instantaneous identity recognition (MR); or continuous identity recognition (CIR). The present invention may include a methodology and framework for biometric recognition using physiological signals and may utilize a machine learning utility. The machine learning utility may be presented and adapted to the needs of different application environments which constitute different application frameworks. The present invention may further incorporate a method and system for continuous authentication using physiological signals and a means of estimating relevant parameters.|Enabling continuous or instantaneous identity recognition of a large group of people based on physiological biometric signals obtained from members of a small group of people
09646321|A method, apparatus, and computer program product are disclosed for self-service design, scheduling, and delivery of user-defined reports regarding promotions. The method includes receiving, from a user device, a report type and report delivery information. Based on the report type, relevant data regarding the one or more promotions is collected, using which a report is generated. The method then outputs the generated report based on the report delivery information. Optionally, analytical insights, such as trends within the data, sample size, suitability of control data, and indications of statistical significance, are generated and included in the report. A corresponding apparatus and computer program product are also provided.|Exporter
09646431|A system for assessing an affected area of an aircraft is disclosed. A reference marker having a known size is placed along an exterior of the aircraft. The system includes a portable electronic device including a processor in communication with a structural database. The structural database includes a template that defines a maximum allowable size of damage to the aircraft. The processor executes an instruction for determining an actual size of the affected area based on the known size of the reference marker. The processor executes an instruction for comparing the actual size of the affected area of the aircraft with the maximum allowable size of damage to the aircraft. The processor executes an instruction for determining if the actual size of the affected area exceeds the maximum allowable size of damage to the aircraft. The processor executes an instruction for determining a further action.|Augmented reality system for assessing an affected area of an aircraft
09648061|In an approach to determine a sentiment of an attendee of a video conference, the computer receives a video of an attendee of a video conference and, then, determines, based, at least in part, on the video of the attendee, a first sentiment of the attendee.|Sentiment analysis in a video conference
09648101|A Web service synchronization protocol is provided that sets forth the metadata and messaging by which endpoints roam, share and synchronize common information with one another in a multi-master networked computing ecosystem. A general SOAP-based protocol is defined for synchronizing data between two endpoints where one or more of the endpoints supports a Web service. Defining messaging for knowledge-based transfers using XML Web services, the protocol allows devices, services and applications to synchronize through firewalls, allows for flexibility by allowing any common set or subset of information across endpoints and allows for extensibility by not prescribing the schema of the actual data being synchronized at the endpoints.|Synchronization of web service endpoints in a multi-master synchronization environment
09648840|A milking robot comprises a robotic arm, a camera coupled to the robotic arm, a camera-facing nozzle coupled to the robotic arm, and a controller. The robotic arm extends in a longitudinal direction between the hind legs and from the rear of a dairy livestock located in a milking stall. The camera-facing nozzle sprays a protective layer of the camera with a cleanser. The controller communicates a signal instructing the camera-facing nozzle to spray the camera with cleanser.|Milking robot with robotic arm, vision system, and vision system cleaning device
09649771|A parallel robot includes a base casing, a plurality of arms, and an end unit. The base casing contains a plurality of actuators. Each of the arms is coupled to one of the actuators. The end unit is coupled to the plurality of arms. A communication hole for allowing piping and/or wiring to continue is formed in the base casing at its side facing the end unit.|Parallel robot, robot system, and assembly method for transfer system
09649790|To provide a method for manufacturing a double-sided adhesive material suitable for the size and shape of various articles using a simple process without reducing the yield of the adhesive material that is used, and to provide an article with a double-sided adhesive material that uses the double-sided adhesive material obtained by this manufacturing method. [Resolution means] Liquid photo curing adhesive 12 is applied by direct drawing onto a specific region corresponding to the size and shape of an article to be used, on the surface of a first plate 10, using a robot. A sheet shaped second plate 20 is placed on the first plate 10 where the adhesive 12 was applied, such that the adhesive 12 is interposed between both plates. Light for curing the adhesive is then irradiated from both sides of the adhesive 12 so that the light will pass through both the first plate 10 and the second plate 20 and reach the adhesive 12.|Manufacturing method for double-sided adhesive material, and article provided with double-sided adhesive material
09649820|A method for making a fuselage section comprises the steps of assembling a support system. The support system comprises fiber reinforced composite material and includes at least three frames and six stringers. The support system is partially cured such that the support system attains about eighty percent of its fully cured strength. A skin comprising fiber reinforced composite material is globally positioned such that an inner surface of the skin corresponds to an outer surface of the support system. The skin and the support system are fully cured together. The support system is assembled on a skeleton assembly tool having a bonding surface corresponding to an inner surface of the skin.|Assembly using skeleton structure
09650130|An electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft having a taxing and takeoff mode and a braking mode. While in the taxiing and takeoff mode, a battery and optionally other sources of energy stored within the aircraft together provide energy to drive an electric motor which in turn drives a hydraulic pump creating hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the system actuates a hydraulic motor connected to the aircraft wheels, thereby providing rotation to the wheels of the aircraft, moving the aircraft forward. Alternatively, while in the braking mode, the rotation of the wheels of the aircraft drive a second hydraulic pump which imparts an increase of the hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system drives a second hydraulic motor which drives an electric generator which simultaneously slows the aircraft and charges the aircraft battery.|Electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft
09650141|A method of operation for a system incorporating a graphical user interface disposed in a bulkhead within a cabin of an aircraft. The method includes displaying a menu for at least one controllable parameter, receiving a selection of the controllable parameter, displaying at least one control for the selected controllable parameter, receiving a control input for the selected controllable parameter, and adjusting the selected controllable parameter consistent with the control input. The controllable parameter may be one from a plurality of controllable parameters selected from a group that includes cabin light intensity, cabin light color, temperature, and the degree of openness of at least one window shade. A system and an executable computer program product also are provided.|System and a method of operation of the system incorporating a graphical user interface in a bulkhead of a vehicle cabin
09650151|The device includes a centralized warning system able to detect failures of systems of the aircraft and to display procedure lines on a screen, a procedure line including a text giving an indication of an action to be executed at least in the case of a failure, a semantic analysis module for determining from a current procedure line if the action to be executed is associated with a controllable control button and for implementing a semantic analysis of the text of the procedure line using word recognition and in order to derive therefrom indications relative to the controllable control button, these indications including at least an identification of the control button, and a warning unit receiving these indications and being able to warn a member of the crew.|Method and device for assisting the management of procedures, notably of failures of systems of an aircraft
09650160|A telecommunication satellite with geostationary orbit comprises an upper module, a lower module, and a lateral module, disposed in a storage configuration between the upper module and the lower module, and deployed to an operational configuration of the satellite in the orbit by a rotation in relation to an axis Z oriented towards the earth in the operational configuration. The lateral module comprises two substantially plane and mutually parallel main surfaces, termed dissipative surfaces, able to dissipate by radiation a quantity of heat generated by facilities of the satellite; the dissipative surfaces being, in the operational configuration, held in a manner substantially parallel to the plane of the orbit, making it possible to limit the solar flux received by the dissipative surfaces and to optimize the quantity of heat dissipated by the lateral module.|Satellite with deployable payload modules
09650960|A fuel circuit for a turbine engine is provided. The fuel circuit includes a fuel return valve connected to the main circuit and to a fuel tank, the valve being capable of adopting an open position in which the valve allows an excess quantity of fuel to be returned to the tank, and a closed configuration in which the return of fuel to the tank is blocked; a first hydraulic line connecting the valve to the main circuit, and including a first filter; a second hydraulic line connecting the valve to the main circuit, and including a second filter; and an intermediate hydraulic line connected to the first and second lines downstream from the filters, the first and second lines being hydraulically connected together by the intermediate line when the valve is in the closed configuration.|Fuel circuit of a turbine engine
09650961|A gas turbine combustor includes: multiple gaseous fuel nozzles to inject gaseous fuel; a manifold to distribute gaseous fuel to the multiple gaseous fuel nozzles; a burner flange to secure a burner to an end cover; and a burner body to connect the manifold and the burner flange. Gaseous fuel passages are provided in the end cover, the burner flange, and the burner body. The gaseous fuel passage communicates with the manifold. A second manifold is provided in the burner flange. The gaseous fuel passage is provided in the burner body to make the second manifold communicate with the first mentioned manifold.|Gas turbine combustor including burner having plural gaseous fuel manifolds
09650991|A variable area fan nozzle comprising an array of rigid petals and a petal actuation system comprising left and right assemblies, each assembly comprising: a multiplicity of tracks attached to or integrally formed with respective petals; a curved pivoting ring segment; an actuator coupled to the ring segment; and a multiplicity of sets of cam followers spaced along the ring segment and aligned with respective tracks. Each ring segment is pivotable between first and second angular positions depending on how the state of the actuator changes. As one ring segment pivots in one direction, one set of cam followers exert inward forces on the tracks to deflect petals inward; as that ring segment pivots in the other direction, another set of cam followers exert outward forces on the tracks to deflect petals outward.|Pivoting ring petal actuation for variable area fan nozzle
09651020|Portable cranes for wind turbines are provided. In one embodiment, a crane includes a boom, a support shaft connected to the boom, and a plurality of interchangeable mount assemblies. Each of the plurality of mount assemblies is removably connectable to the support shaft and mountable to a wind turbine component. The crane is mountable to at least two different wind turbine components. In another embodiment, a crane includes a boom, a support shaft connected to the boom, and means for mounting the crane to at least one uptower wind turbine component and at least one downtower wind turbine component.|Portable crane for use in wind turbines
09651021|The present disclosure is directed to a system and method for lifting and/or removing a rotor blade to and from a wind turbine. In one embodiment, the system includes an up-tower pulley mounted on an up-tower location of the wind turbine, first and second ground winches, a pulley cable from the first ground winch over the up-tower pulley and attached to the rotor blade, a guide line attached between an up-tower location of the wind turbine and the second ground winch, a guide pulley mounted on the guide line, and a guide cable from the guide line over the guide pulley to the rotor blade. Thus, the guide pulley is configured to move along the guide line during lifting and removing of the rotor blade so that the guide cable can control an orientation of the rotor blade relative to the tower during lifting and removing of the rotor blade.|System and method for removing and/or installing a rotor blade of a wind turbine
09651360|A cylindrical array of tightly spaced optical discs is arranged such that all optical discs in the array share the same axis of symmetry. An optical system is aligned with the optical disc array. The optical system includes a light source, such as a diffuse reflector, and a photo detector, such as a photo detector. The photo detector is aligned to receive either light transmitted through the optical disc array or light reflected off the optical disc array. Illumination directed at the optical disc array results in a pattern of alternating light and dark illuminations, or bands. The photo detector focusing on the cylinder surfaces of the optical discs detects the light/dark transitions and thus enables counting of discrete optical discs.|Optical methods for determining positions of optical discs in tightly packed cylindrical arrays
09651931|Safety and/or reliability may he improved in industrial control systems by optimally utilizing integrated circuit elements to reduce the amount of components required and to provide cross monitoring. In one aspect, circuitry that is part of an Integrated Circuit (IC) for controlling a first channel may also be used to monitor and provide safe operation for circuitry for controlling a second channel, and the circuitry for controlling the second channel may similarly be used to monitor and provide safe operation for the circuitry controlling the first channel. Circuitry may include a windowed watchdog circuit which may be used to monitor various events of the other circuitry, and safe operation may be provided by removing power from the other circuitry to provide a safe state.|Industrial control system with integrated circuit elements partitioned for functional safety and employing watchdog timing circuits
09652660|A control system includes a projection section that projects predetermined patterned light on a target object, a first imaging section that captures an image of the target object on which the predetermined patterned light is projected by the projection section, a second imaging section that is disposed in a position different from a position where the first imaging section is disposed and captures an image of the target object on which the predetermined patterned light is projected by the projection section, and a calculation section that calculates a three-dimensional shape of the target object based on a first point in a first captured image captured by the first imaging section and a second point in a second captured image captured by the second imaging section.|Control system, robot system, and control method
09652711|Certain aspects of the present disclosure support a method and apparatus for analog signal reconstruction and recognition via sub-threshold modulation. The analog waveform recognition in a sub-threshold region of an artificial neuron of the artificial nervous system can be performed by providing a predicted waveform in parallel to an input associated with the artificial neuron. The predicted waveform can be compared with the input and the signal can be generated based at least in part on the comparison. The signal can be a detection signal that detects matching and mismatching between the input and the predicted waveform|Analog signal reconstruction and recognition via sub-threshold modulation
09652720|In one embodiment, network data is received at a Learning Machine (LM) in a network. It is determined whether the LM recognizes the received network data based on information available to the LM. When the LM fails to recognize the received network data: a connection to a central management node is established, a request is sent for information relating to the unrecognized network data to the central management node, and information is received from the central management node in response to the request. The received information assists the LM in recognizing the unrecognized network data.|Triggering on-the-fly requests for supervised learning of learning machines
09652721|A system that allows secure identification tokens (e.g., smart cards or RFID tags), often used for enabling such systems, to be securely added to a secure, local database of identification tokens authorized to operate the device, system or service. Such authorizations may be open-ended or have an expiration date. The addition of the identification token is achieved without requiring communication with a central controller by wired or wireless means, but is instead triggered by a message authorizing the addition of an identification token to the local database. The same invention can be used, in some embodiments, to allow magnetic stripe cards or biometric measurements to become authorized to operate or allow access to the system or device or service.|System and method for secure addition of machine readable identification to an off-line database
09652730|An automated system and method for knowledge transfer, agent support and performance tracking during life cycle of a business process in an outsourcing environment are disclosed. In one embodiment, knowledge information associated with the business process is captured. Further, standard operating procedures (SOPs) are created based on the captured knowledge information. Furthermore, a simulated business process is created based on the captured knowledge information upon reviewing the SOPs. In addition, agents are allowed to use the simulated business process and actual performance of the simulated business process is tracked.|Automated system and method for knowledge transfer, agent support and performance tracking during a life cycle of business processes in an outsourcing environment
09652801|System and computer-implemented method of dynamically modifying a user interface and displaying a circular meter with a selectable slider. The identity of the UI is extracted from the UI and looked up in a table to determine two scores associated with the UI. A UI-specific score indicates how many actions a user has taken with the UI, and a total score indicates how many actions a user has taken with all UIs that the user has permitted to track. A graphic having two concentric circular meters is combined with the UI to produce a composite UI that is displayed to the user as the user is interacting with the UI. The meters fill up in opposite directions, and a slider on one of the meters can be slid clockwise or anti-clockwise to permit the user to make a selection based on the two scores.|System and computer method for tracking online actions
09652851|Methods, systems and processor-readable media for side window detection in near-infrared (NIR) images utilizing machine learning. An image-capturing unit can capture an image/video in a near-infrared (NIR) band via a side window of an incoming vehicle. A deformable part model can be generated utilizing a side window detection and B-frame detection in order to obtain a set of candidate side-windows. Side window detection can be performed based on a mixture of a tree model and a shared pool and can be globally optimized with dynamic programming and still-capture to detect the backseat side window boundary utilizing a B-pillar. A false alarm with respect to the deformable part model can be removed utilizing a super pixel generation and a longest-line detection unit in order to generate a refined deformable part model.|Side window detection in near-infrared images utilizing machine learning
09653330|Disclosed are methods for performing threshold voltage (VT)-type transistor sensitive and/or fan-out sensitive selective voltage binning (SVB) to improve SVB accuracy and, thereby product yield and reliability. In the methods, a process distribution for an integrated circuit chip design is divided into process windows, each associated with a corresponding performance range and a corresponding minimum supply voltage. First performance measurements are acquired from first performance monitors associated with first transistors on chips manufactured according to the design. Based on the first performance measurements, the chips are assigned to groups corresponding to the process windows. Second performance measurements are also be acquired from second performance monitors associated with second transistors, which are on the chips and which have either a different VT-type or a different maximum fan-out than the first transistors. Based on the second performance measurements, a determination is made as to whether chip group reassignment is warranted.|Threshold voltage (VT)-type transistor sensitive and/or fan-out sensitive selective voltage binning
09655680|A master device for surgical robots may comprise: handle units, each of which includes at least one multi-joint robot finger configured to control a robotic surgical instrument on a robot arm of a slave device; and/or a micro motion generation unit configured to generate a control signal to control an end of the at least one multi-joint robot finger so as to move along a virtual trajectory. A master device for surgical robots may comprise: a first unit that comprises at least one multi-joint robot finger on a robot arm of a slave device; and/or a second unit configured to generate a first control signal to control the at least one multi-joint robot finger so as to move along a virtual trajectory.|Master devices for surgical robots and control methods thereof
09655681|The present invention relates to a surgical robot for performing surgery of the minimally invasive type, comprising an instrument manipulator having a manipulator front end, which is provided with an instrument receiver for receiving therein a surgical instrument, and manipulating means for, at least in use, manipulating the manipulator front end with respect to a patient body. The manipulator front end further comprises a container for receiving therein the surgical instrument. The invention further relates to an instrument manipulator, a combination of an operating table and a surgical robot, and a master-slave operating system.|Surgical robot, instrument manipulator, combination of an operating table and a surgical robot, and master-slave operating system
09656390|A system measuring an object with a human-centric robot is provided. The robot including a movable end effector having a coupler, the robot including a plurality of transducers arranged to transmit signals to an electronic circuit, the electronic circuit configured in operation to determine the position and orientation of the end effector. At least one tool is provided having a first gripping portion, the gripping portion being sized and shaped to removably couple to the coupler. A three-dimensional (3D) scanner is provided that is configured in operation to determine three-dimensional coordinates of a surface of an object, the 3D scanner having a second gripping portion sized and shaped to removably couple to the coupler. A controller is configured to selectively couple one of the at least one tool or the 3D scanner to the coupler in response to an object signal.|Human-centric robot with noncontact measurement device
09656391|A robot tool is provided for the placing of closing plugs in openings in a vehicle body component. The robot tool includes a placing device in which a plug magazine with a plurality of plugs is accommodated, which plugs can be placed by way of the placing device without reloading directly behind one another in the respective openings. A method is provided for the secure placing of the plugs.|Robotic end effector for plug installation
09656740|An aircraft and system for minimizing the influence of unsteady flow states, wherein the wing has a respective main wing and at least one control flap adjustably arranged relative thereto, an adjusting drive for activating the at least one control flap, and a sensor arrangement for acquiring the setting position of the control flap. The system exhibits at least one arrangement of flow-influencing devices for influencing the fluid flow over the surface segment, a detection device for detecting unsteady flow states acting on the aircraft, and an actuating function connected with the flow-influencing devices to influence the flow in the different segments of a wing, designed so that the latter, based on the unsteady flow states detected by the detection device and setting position of the control flap acquired by the sensor arrangement, actuates the flow-influencing devices so as to minimize the influence of unsteady flow states on the aircraft.|Aircraft with wings and a system for minimizing the influence of unsteady flow states
09656741|A system for controlling a high-lift device of an aircraft may include an interface for placement in a flight deck of an aircraft. The interface may include an edge control device for controlling a position of the high-lift device. The interface may be operable to select any of a plurality of control device positions. Each one of the plurality of control device positions may correspond to a different flight phase of the aircraft. The edge control device may be operable to engage, in response to a selection of a first control device position, a command mode for actuating the high-lift device in an automated manner based on the flight phase associated with the first control device position.|Control interface for leading and trailing edge devices
09656750|A vehicle cargo compartment, comprising a housing receivable in a vehicle, and at least one latch mounted to the housing for locking a cargo unit in a fixed position. The latch comprises a latch housing mounted to the housing, and at least a first latch claw moveably mounted to the latch housing moveable between a latched and an unlatched position. A latch sensor system comprises a position sensor and a target, the position sensor adapted to detect and generate a latch signal when the target is in the predetermined position. The vehicle cargo compartment can be monitored easily and reliably when the first latch claw is in the latched position due to the position sensor and the target being arranged and adapted such that the predetermined position of the target is detected and the latch signal is generated, when the first latch claw is in the latched position.|Vehicle cargo compartment, system and vehicle
09656751|A modular cabin segment for a vehicle includes a first lateral segment module accommodating a first toilet arrangement with a toilet compartment, a second lateral segment module, and at least one central module, wherein in each case an outer lateral face of the first segment module and of the second lateral segment module is designed to adapt in each case to an inner wall of a cabin of the vehicle so as to correspond to the aforesaid. At least one of the modules includes a cabin attendant seat that on one side is held on the at least one module so that it can be pivoted on an axis. In this manner very good integration of many different functions in the manner of a construction kit is achieved in order to be able to accommodate a greater number of passenger seats elsewhere within the limited space provided in a cabin.|Modular cabin segment, cabin for a vehicle and vehicle with a cabin
09656760|A variable area engine inlet of a helicopter is provided and includes first inlet portions disposed to face one another in opposite directions and at a distance from one another and second inlet portions extending between the first inlet portions and being disposed to face one another in opposite directions and at a distance from one another. The first and second inlet portions define a capture area and at least one or both of the first and second inlet portions include a movable portion disposed to occupy and move between first and second positions. The first position is associated with a non-constricted condition of the capture area and the second position is associated with a constricted condition of the capture area.|Variable geometry helicopter engine inlet
09657640|The present application relates to a splitter nose of an axial turbomachine configured to separate an annular flow into the turbomachine into a primary flow and a secondary flow, and including: a generally circular leading edge, an annular wall extending from the leading edge and bounding the secondary flow, and at least one duct for a de-icing fluid for the splitter nose extending substantially axially along the wall and opening out into the primary flow. The external surface of the wall is formed by a sheet bounding the de-icing duct.|Splitter nose with a sheet that forms a surface to guide the flow and acts as a de-icing duct
09657641|In a fluid flow machine, especially a gas turbine, axially penetrated by a hot gas stream, the rotor shaft is surrounded by heat shield segments or by base plates of the rotor blades on the rotor side. In the heat shield segments and in the base plates, cooling air chambers are provided, communicating with each other and with a cooling air source, which chambers communicate at least partially with gaps which extend in the longitudinal direction or peripheral direction of the rotor shaft between adjacent rotor blades or between heat shield segments and adjacent base plates of the rotor blades. These gaps are closed off by sealing bands such that a cooling air entry into the hot gas stream is only possible at the ends of the base plates of the rotor blades pointing contrary to the flow direction.|Fluid flow machine especially gas turbine penetrated axially by a hot gas stream
09657720|A sensor device for measuring aerodynamic loads of a rotor blade for a wind power installation. The sensor device includes a reflector arranged in a cavity of the rotor blade which signals a signal evaluation device arranged at a distance from the reflector. The signal evaluation device detects and quantifies physical changes of the rotor blade from the reflected signal. A cleaning device for the reflector is arranged on the reflector for activation by a centrifugal force generated during the rotation of the rotor to clean the reflector.|Sensor device for measuring aerodynamic loads of a rotor blade of a wind turbine
09657721|A transmission unit (1), particularly for a wind power plant, which has a first planetary stage (2), on the drive input side, a second planetary stage (3) and a third planetary stage (4), on the drive output side, which are coupled with one another in such a manner that a torque from the drive input side can be divided between the first and the second planetary stages (2; 3) and recombined in the third planetary stage (4). The first, the second and the third planetary stages (2; 3; 4) have a common gearwheel carrier (20) which is mounted for rotation about a rotational axis of the transmission unit (1).|Gearbox unit with gear carrier
09659040|A fleet of databases may comprise subsets of databases sharing a common schema for replication, horizontal partitioning and other applications. Events related to potential deviations from a desired schema may be monitored. Automated means may be employed to detect variations from a desired schema. An intermediate representation of database schema may be formed and used to compare database schemas. Subclasses and allowed versions of desired schemas may be defined. Security attributes related to schema inspection and modification may be mapped to enable selected operations on schema.|Database fleet schema maintenance
09659250|In case-based anomaly indication detection in a facility, there are problems such as error generation due to insufficient learning data or execution difficulty due to increased memory capacity and calculation time when the learning data period has been increased to obtain the learning data sufficiently. Provided is a method for monitoring facility state on the basis of a time series signal outputted from the facility, wherein an operation pattern label for each fixed interval is assigned on the basis of the time series signal, learning data is selected on the basis of the operation pattern label for each fixed interval, a normal model is created on the basis of the selected learning data, an anomaly measure is calculated on the basis of the time series signal and the normal model, and the facility state is determined to be anomaly or normal on the basis of the calculated anomaly measure.|Facility state monitoring method and device for same
09659251|The disclosed invention involves a method and systems of autonomic virtual network, which relates to three basic inventions in the area of autonomic computing: (1) systems and methods of multi-loop autonomic manager, preemptive contact point, i.e. sensors and effectors, and software-defined hardware resource, or abstraction and virtualization of the hardware functions; (2) service-delivery virtual network in the area of distributed network, and application assurance systems and methods; and (3) integration of these two fields of inventions, namely autonomic managed virtual network, such that the management of virtual networks which provide service delivery, is able to achieve n-tier architecture system and method ACRA.|Systems and methods of autonomic virtual network management
09659560|Software that trains an artificial neural network for generating vector representations for natural language text, by performing the following steps: (i) receiving, by one or more processors, a set of natural language text; (ii) generating, by one or more processors, a set of first metadata for the set of natural language text, where the first metadata is generated using supervised learning method(s); (iii) generating, by one or more processors, a set of second metadata for the set of natural language text, where the second metadata is generated using unsupervised learning method(s); and (iv) training, by one or more processors, an artificial neural network adapted to generate vector representations for natural language text, where the training is based, at least in part, on the received natural language text, the generated set of first metadata, and the generated set of second metadata.|Semi-supervised learning of word embeddings
09660571|A method for hybrid solar tracking, and an apparatus for hybrid solar tracking and a photovoltaic blind system using the same are disclosed. The method includes generating first predicted power output data by analyzing first measured power output data of the past; generating a lagged error; constructing a regression analysis (RA) model, and deriving second predicted power output data; constructing an artificial neural network (ANN) model, and deriving third predicted power output data; selecting either a method for solar tracking based on photovoltaic power output or a method for solar tracking based on location and time depending on whether the second measured power output data of the present time falls within a filtering range based on a first error range and a second error range; and determining the directions of photovoltaic panels according to the selected method for solar tracking.|Method for hybrid solar tracking, and apparatus for hybrid solar tracking and photovoltaic blind system using same
09661010|Devices, methods, and systems for security log mining are described herein. One method includes combining, using a data fusion unit of an access control system, features of structured and non-structured data associated with system access events for a number of users into a combined data set, generating, using an anomaly detection engine of the access control system, a model of behavior for the number of users based on the combined data set, and comparing, using the anomaly detection engine of the access control system, real time behavior for the number of users to the model for the number of users to determine whether the real time behavior for the number of users is anomalous behavior for the number of users.|Security log mining devices, methods, and systems
09661090|Disclosed in some examples are methods, systems, and machine-readable mediums which provide a relevance engine for determining a relevance of an individual (either a non-member or another member) to another individual (either a non-member or another member). This relevance engine may use signals in the form of data that the social networking service may learn about the individuals to determine how relevant the individuals are to each other. Example applications may include ordering of connection invitations in a social networking service.|Connection invitation ordering
09661441|System and method for reducing signaling overhead related to scheduling of uplink and downlink radio resources to wireless devices (e.g., sensors or Machine-to-Machine (M2M) devices) that are primarily stationary in a cellular network. Because these wireless devices are non-moving, time-frequency channel conditions have a much lower variance for them as compared to other mobile devices in the network. Hence, the (semi)stationary channel can be estimated over time with the help of statistical methods and machine learning techniques, and stationary devices can be then instructed to stop reporting uplink and/or downlink channel condition related information to the network until further notice. When performance degradation is noticed by the base station, the scheduler may instruct the device to resume its channel condition reporting. As a byproduct of this solution, the energy consumed within such stationary terminals is reduced due to significant reductions in the number of channel measurements, their processing, and reporting.|System and method to reduce radio resource management (RRM) related signaling in machine-to-machine (M2M) communications
09662790|A robot controller and a robot system capable of stably changing the orientation of a front end of a robot by applying a force to the front end, and moving each axis to a desired position. The robot controller for moving the robot based on the force applied to the robot includes a control point specifying part which specifies a control point in relation to the robot, and an operation commanding part which outputs a command so that the robot performs rotational movement about the control point. The robot has a structure constituted by sequentially combining three or more axes including at least three rotation axes, and rotation centerlines of the three rotation axes intersect at an origin of a centerline-intersecting axis, the centerline-intersecting axis corresponding to one of the three rotation axes. The control point specifying part specifies the origin of the centerline-intersecting axis as the control point.|Robot controller and robot system for moving robot in response to force
09662791|Example systems and methods for self-righting a robotic device are provided. An example method may include determining an orientation of a bottom surface of a legged robotic device with respect to a ground surface. The method may also include determining that the robotic device is in an unstable position, based on the determined orientation. The method may also include performing a first action configured to return the robotic device to a stable position. The method may also include performing a first action configured to return the legged robotic device to the stable position. The method may also include performing a second action configured to return the legged robotic device to the stable position, if the legged robotic device is in the unstable position after the first action.|Systems and methods for robotic self-right
09663111|A vehicle includes a powertrain having an electric machine and an engine. The vehicle also includes a controller programmed to operate the powertrain according to a predicted vehicle speed profile for a predetermined route segmented according to a group of driving zone types, wherein each driving zone type is associated with a different characteristic speed profile shape and vehicle location. The controller is further programmed to update the predicted segment speed profile in response to deviation between the predicted speed profile and a measured speed profile.|Vehicle speed profile prediction using neural networks
09663220|Systems and methods for locking a control lever are provided. One system includes a locking device having a body configured to couple to a control lever within an aircraft to prevent the control lever from moving. The locking device also includes at least one hole defined through the body. The one hole is configured to receive one of a lock or a tag therein.|Systems and methods for locking a control lever
09663221|To provide an actuator device for a flight control surface which can reduce a stress applied to the flight control surface when one of two actuators is operated. The present invention relates to a hydraulically-operated actuator device 30 which drives a flight control surface of an aircraft 1, including a first actuator 31A that is provided with a first piston rod 39A, and drives an aileron body 11; a second actuator 31B that is provided with a second piston rod 39B, and drives the aileron body 11 when the function of the first actuator 31A is lost or reduced; and a single second connection fitting 41 to which the first piston rod 39A and the second piston rod 39B are both connected, wherein the first actuator 31A and the second actuator 31B are connected to the aileron body 11 via the second connection fitting 41.|Actuator device for flight control surface, flight control surface of aircraft, and aircraft
09663230|An aircraft seat that includes a seat bottom frame having a back, a seat back frame pivotally connected to the back of the seat bottom frame, and a seat back shell. The seat back shell has at least a front panel, a back panel opposite the front panel, and at least two side panels disposed between the front and back panels which connects the front panel to the back panel. The combination of the front, back, and side panels form a gap to receive the entire seat back frame.|Removable back shell for an aircraft seat
09663231|A titanium seat track may include a track plate formed of one of cold and hot rolled titanium. The track plate may include a top surface and a bottom surface. The titanium seat track may also include a titanium U-shaped channel formed of cold worked titanium sheet. The titanium U-shaped channel may include a first side wall and a second side wall extending from a base and terminating in a first channel edge and a second channel edge, respectively. The first channel edge and the second channel edge may be continuously welded to the bottom surface of the seat track.|Seat track
09663241|A vehicle display system includes a display device and a processor. The processor is in operable communication with the display device and is coupled to receive vehicle path data and vehicle state data. The vehicle path data are representative of a planned vehicle path of the vehicle, and the vehicle state data are representative of current vehicle state. The processor is configured, upon receipt of these data, to command the display device to render at least a portion of the planned vehicle path and to selectively render one or both of a speed change point symbol and an acceleration point symbol on the current vehicle path. The symbols are rendered in a manner that is more intuitive for vehicle pilots.|Speed change and acceleration point enhancement system and method
09663250|Methods and systems for passively slowing the spin rate of an uncontrolled object in space are presented. A damper mechanism is provided that includes a magnet that is free to rotate in any direction about a central point with respect to a carrier or outer housing. The magnet can be carried within an inner element or sphere, that is in turn mounted within an outer sphere. The inner and outer spheres can be separated by a viscous fluid or other mechanism in which damping can be introduced. The damper mechanism can be associated with an attachment mechanism, that secures the resulting damper or despin system to a target object. A method of neutralizing the magnetic field is also included to enable the system to be launched in a passive state.|Method and apparatus for passively slowing the spin rate of orbital objects
09663251|Techniques for performing orbit raising, north-south stationkeeping, east-west stationkeeping, and momentum management with thrusters disposed on a spacecraft are disclosed. The spacecraft includes at least one thruster support mechanism (TSM), including a pointing arrangement and an elongated structural member, the structural member having a long dimension defining a first axis a proximal portion of the structural member is attached to the pointing arrangement each of the thrusters is fixedly coupled with a distal portion of the structural member. The pointing arrangement includes a first, second, and third revolute joint, the first revolute joint being rotatable about the first axis; the third revolute joint being rotatable about a third axis, the third axis being fixed with respect to the spacecraft; and the second revolute joint being rotatable about a second axis, the second axis being orthogonal to each of the first axis and the third axis.|Thruster support mechanism for satellite propulsion
09663330|A raising device realized to be connected to a tower segment of a wind turbine is provided. The raising device comprises a connection member to a raising machine and a plurality of holding members positioned at predefined distances from each other and orientated to be movable in radial locking directions which locking directions are such that the holding members when moved into a locking position at a predefined engagement position of the tower segment engage with a counter-shape of the tower segment, whereby the holding members are automatically tiltable and/or shiftable into the locking position by a movement mechanism. A method of equipping a tower segment of a wind turbine for transport by means of such raising device is also provided.|Raising device configured to be connected to a tower segment
09664110|The invention relates to a method for operating a gas turbine which includes a compressor with annular inlet area, at least two burners, a combustion chamber and a turbine. According to the method, at least one first partial intake flow, consisting of oxygen-reduced gas which has an oxygen concentration which is lower than the average oxygen concentration of the compressor intake flow, and at least one second partial intake flow, consisting of fresh air, are fed to the compressor in an alternating manner in the circumferential direction of the inlet area. In addition, the invention relates to a gas turbine power plant with a gas turbine, the compressor inlet of which includes at least one first segment and at least one second segment which are arranged in an alternating manner around a compressor inlet in the circumferential direction, wherein a feed for an oxygen-reduced gas is connected to the first segment and a fresh air feed is connected to the second segment of the compressor inlet.|Gas turbine power plant with non-homogeneous input gas
09664111|A method for filling cooling holes in a component of a gas turbine engine is disclosed. The component may include a plurality of first cooling holes penetrating the wall of the component. The method may comprise the steps of exposing the outer surface of the component, filling the plurality of first cooling holes of the component with a filling agent, curing the filling agent to block the passage of air through the cooling holes, and applying a thermal barrier coating over the surface of the component. The method may further include installing a second plurality of cooling holes, the second plurality of cooling holes penetrating the thermal barrier coating and the wall of the component and allow air to pass therethrough.|Closure of cooling holes with a filing agent
09664141|A thrust deflecting device for deflecting a thrust stream is disclosed, which includes a flap system having a plurality of deflecting flaps, each of which is pivotable around its yaw axis, the flap system being situated between parallel control surfaces such as baffle plates which, together with the flap system, form a box structure, which is pivotable around a pivot axis running in the direction of the transverse axis for the purpose of deflecting the thrust stream in the pitch direction, an aircraft engine also being disclosed.|Thrust deflecting device and aircraft engine
09664171|A system including at least one tunnel is configured for immersion in a moving mass. An energy collector is disposed in the at least one tunnel. The energy collector has at least an open state and a collapsed state where the collector in the open state collects at least an energy of at least a part of the moving mass passing through the at least one tunnel. Alternate activation of an actuator device joined to the energy collector and an activator joined to a weight implement alternately transitions the energy collector to the open and closed state. The alternate transition of the energy collector imparts a reciprocating motion of the energy collector and the weight implement. A cable system joins the actuators for transferring the reciprocating motion. A pulley system translates the reciprocating motion to a rotational force for driving rotational mechanisms.|System for collecting energy from a moving mass
09664231|A tapered roller bearing (31a) has a plurality of retainer segments (11a, 11d) each having a pocket to house a tapered roller (34a), and arranged so as to be continuously lined with each other in a circumferential direction between an outer ring (32a) and an inner ring (33a). The retainer segment (11a, 11d) is formed of a resin containing a filler material to lower a thermal linear expansion coefficient. In addition, a clearance (39a) is provided between the first retainer segment (11a) and the last retainer segment (11d) after the plurality of retainer segments (11a, 11d) have been arranged in the circumferential direction without providing any clearance. Here a circumferential range (R) of the clearance (39a) is larger than 0.075% of a circumference of a circle passing through a center of the retainer segment (11a, 11d) and smaller than 0.12% thereof at room temperature.|Roller bearing, retainer segment of roller bearing for supporting main shaft of wind-power generator
09665090|In one embodiment, a system includes system includes a data collection system configured to collect a data from a control system. The system further includes a configuration management system configured to manage a hardware configuration and a software configuration for the control system based on the data. The system additionally includes a rule engine configured to use the data as input and to output a health assessment by using a rule database configured to store at least one rule, and a report generator configured to provide a health assessment for the control system. The system also includes a rule editor configured to create the at least one rule, update the at least one rule, delete the at least one rule, or a combination thereof.|Systems and methods for rule-based control system reliability
09665240|Provided herein are method, apparatus, and computer program products for facilitating a learning user interface. The interface may be presented as a plurality of dynamic icons representing a plurality of items. The interface may further be facilitated by accessing, by a processor, business data corresponding to the plurality of items. The interface may be facilitated by determining, by the processor, a visual bias for at least one of the plurality of dynamic icons based on the business data corresponding to the plurality of items and may be facilitated by applying, via the interface, the visual bias to the at least one of the plurality of dynamic icons.|Learning user interface having dynamic icons with a first and second visual bias
09665551|In order to leverage annotation bias in batch annotations, obtained via crowdsourcing, on a set of comments on user posts in a social network, a system may select a subset of the comments for annotation based on how informative expected annotations for the comments in the subset are for the one or more classifiers and probabilities of occurrence of the expected annotations based on a predetermined annotation probability distribution. Note that the classifier may predict how likely the expected annotations are accurate for the comments in a given subset. Moreover, the predetermined annotation probability distribution may specify the annotation bias. In this way, the system may use the annotation bias to select the subset that is likely to receive expected annotations and, thus, are that are easier to use in training the classifier.|Leveraging annotation bias to improve annotations
09665661|The present disclosure includes a system, method, and article of manufacture for generating an entity graph. The method may comprise determining a relationship between a first entity and a second entity based upon internal data, external data, and/or online data associated with the first entity, and generating the entity graph comprising at least two nodes and an edge connecting the at least two nodes. The method may further comprise, in various embodiments, tailoring marketing to the first entity based upon the entity graph, detecting fraud against the first entity based upon the entity graph, periodically updating the entity graph based upon new internal data and new online data, and/or adjusting the edge based upon a change in the relationship between the first entity and the second entity.|Systems and methods for dynamic construction of entity graphs
09665830|A system for forecast modeling includes at least one processor and at least one database that is operably coupled to the at least one processor. The database includes a time series data module that is configured to store time series data for a domain, an exogenous data module that is configured to store exogenous data associated with multiple exogenous factors and a feedback module that is configured to collect and store feedback data from multiple online users, where the feedback data is related to the exogenous data and the exogenous factors. The system includes a data pre-processor module that is configured to use the at least one processor to identify and select a portion of the exogenous factors using the feedback data collected from the online users for use in a forecast model in combination with the time series data for the domain.|Feedback-driven exogenous factor learning in time series forecasting
09665831|A system and method are provided for shared machine learning. The method includes providing a model to a plurality of agents included in a machine learning system. The model specifies attributes and attribute value data types for an event in which the agents act. The method further includes receiving agent-provided inputs during an instance of the event. The agent-provided inputs include estimated attribute values that are consistent with the attribute value data types. The method also includes determining expertise weights for at least some agents in response to at least one ground-truth which is learned from the estimated attribute values. The method additionally includes determining an estimate value for one or more of the attributes using respective adaptive mixtures of the estimated attribute values.|Interactive learning
09666101|A multi-user medical robotic system for collaboration or training in minimally invasive surgical procedures includes first and second master input devices, a first slave robotic mechanism, and at least one processor configured to generate a first slave command for the first slave robotic mechanism by switchably using one or both of a first command indicative of manipulation of the first master input device by a first user and a second command indicative of manipulation of the second master input device by a second user. To facilitate the collaboration or training, both first and second users communicate with each other through an audio system and see the minimally invasive surgery site on first and second displays respectively viewable by the first and second users.|Multi-user medical robotic system for collaboration or training in minimally invasive surgical procedures
09666781|A thermal energy harvester and power conversion system employs a bleed air duct containing the flow of high temperature air from an engine. A lower temperature air source is included with an energy conversion device having a hot interface operably engaged to the bleed air duct and a cold interface operably engaged to the lower temperature air source. The energy conversion device generates electrical power from a thermal gradient between the bleed air duct and the lower temperature air source and the electrical power is routed to a power feeder.|Methods for recovering waste energy from bleed air ducts
09667501|In one embodiment, a state tracking engine (STE) defines one or more classes of elements that can be tracked in a network. A set of elements to track is determined from the one or more classes, and the set of elements is tracked in the network. Access to the tracked set of elements then provided via one or more corresponding application programming interfaces (APIs). In another embodiment, a metric computation engine (MCE) defines one or more network metrics to be tracked in the network. One or more tracked elements are received from the STE. The one or more network metrics are tracked in the network based on the received one or more tracked elements. Access to the tracked network metrics is then provided via one or more corresponding APIs.|Pre-processing framework component of distributed intelligence architectures
09667641|A security platform employs a variety techniques and mechanisms to detect security related anomalies and threats in a computer network environment. The security platform is "big data" driven and employs machine learning to perform security analytics. The security platform performs user/entity behavioral analytics (UEBA) to detect the security related anomalies and threats, regardless of whether such anomalies/threats were previously known. The security platform can include both real-time and batch paths/modes for detecting anomalies and threats. By visually presenting analytical results scored with risk ratings and supporting evidence, the security platform enables network security administrators to respond to a detected anomaly or threat, and to take action promptly.|Complex event processing of computer network data
09669541|Disclosed herein is a robot arm including a first joint portion connected to an end portion of a wire and operable to rotate when the wire is pulled, a second joint portion connected to the first joint portion through a link, and a wire guide composed of a rotational plate rotatably installed at the second joint portion and a pair of idle rollers provided to continuously contact the rotational plate, in which the wire passes between the idle rollers.|Robot arm and robot comprising the same
09669551|Technologies pertaining to a robotic hand are described herein. The robotic hand includes one or more fingers releasably attached to a robotic hand frame. The fingers can abduct and adduct as well as flex and tense. The fingers are releasably attached to the frame by magnets that allow for the fingers to detach from the frame when excess force is applied to the fingers.|Robotic hand and fingers
09669581|Method for manufacturing a base structure (8) of an aeronautical torsion box (1) for an aircraft (11) characterized in that it comprises the steps of: a.-providing at least a fresh skin (3), at least one fresh stringer (4), at least a fresh front spar (5) and fresh rear spar (6), b.-positioning the fresh skin (3), the at least one fresh stringer, the fresh spars (5, 6) in a curing tool in a configuration corresponding to that of a base structure (8), c.-subjecting the structure (8) to a single curing cycle, obtaining a cured base structure (8).|Method for manufacturing an aeronautical torsion box, torsion box and tool for manufacturing an aeronautical torsion box
09669920|A casing for a lifting aid for an aircraft, comprising at least one strake which extends essentially in a protruding manner in the direction of flight in relation to an outer surface of the casing. An aircraft including a lifting aid and such a type of casing.|Casing for a lifting aid
09669921|An active pylon noise control system for an aircraft includes a pylon structure connecting an engine system with an airframe surface of the aircraft and having at least one aperture to supply a gas or fluid therethrough, an intake portion attached to the pylon structure to intake a gas or fluid, a regulator connected with the intake portion via a plurality of pipes, to regulate a pressure of the gas or fluid, a plenum chamber formed within the pylon structure and connected with the regulator, and configured to receive the gas or fluid as regulated by the regulator, and a plurality of injectors in communication with the plenum chamber to actively inject the gas or fluid through the plurality of apertures of the pylon structure.|Active aircraft pylon noise control system
09669950|The present invention provides a capture mechanism for capturing and locking onto the Marman flange located on the exterior surfaces of spacecraft/satellites. The capture mechanism achieves its goal of quickly capturing a client spacecraft by splitting the two basic actions involved into two separate mechanisms. One mechanism performs the quick grasp of the target while the other mechanism rigidises that grasp to ensure that the target is held as firmly as desired.|Spacecraft capture mechanism
09670840|The present disclosure introduces a rotor assembly having a concentric arrangement comprising a rotating turbine portion, a cooling channel and an annular reinforcement wall. The concentric arrangement is configured to rotate around a common axis. Also introduced is a rotary engine comprising the rotor assembly, in which the cooling channel further functions as a rotating compressor portion. The rotary engine also comprises a stator assembly that itself comprises a static turbine portion positioned upstream of the rotating turbine portion, a static compressor portion positioned downstream of the rotating compressor portion, and a combustion chamber positioned downstream of the static compressor portion and upstream of the static turbine portion.|Rotor assembly having a concentric arrangement of a turbine portion, a cooling channel and a reinforcement wall
09670841|Systems and methods are provided for varying the exhaust gas recycle circuit of low emission gas turbines. In one or more embodiments, the systems and methods incorporate alternatives to the use of a direct contact cooler. In the same or other embodiments, the systems and methods incorporate alternatives intended to reduce or eliminate the erosion or corrosion of compressor blades due to the presence of acidic water droplets in the recycled gas stream.|Methods of varying low emission turbine gas recycle circuits and systems and apparatus related thereto
09670900|Rotor blade assemblies for wind turbines are provided. In one embodiment, a rotor blade assembly includes a rotor blade having exterior surfaces defining a pressure side, a suction side, a leading edge, and a trailing edge each extending between a tip and a root. The rotor blade further defines a span and a chord. A span-wise portion of the pressure side includes along a chord-wise cross-section a plurality of inflection points. The plurality of inflection points include a first inflection point and a second inflection point, the first and second inflections points positioned within approximately 50% of the chord from the leading edge.|Rotor blade assembly for wind turbine having load reduction features
09670901|A wind turbine blade airfoil trailing edge (TE) with a first waveform profile (44B, 44C, 44E) as seen from behind, formed by ruffles or alternating ridges (21) and valleys (22) formed on the airfoil (20) and ending at the trailing edge. The trailing edge may further include a second waveform profile (48B, 48C, 48E) as seen from above, resulting from serrations formed by an oblique termination plane (32B) of the trailing edge or by other geometry. The ridges and/or serrations may be asymmetric (44E, 48E) to increase a stall fence effect of the ridges on the suction side (SS) of the trailing edge. The first and second waveforms may have the same period (44B, 48B) or different periods (44C, 48C).|Trailing edge modifications for wind turbine airfoil
09671230|In one embodiment of the present invention, a wait time client enables prediction of wait times (e.g., time required to checkout at a grocery store) based on crowdsourced wait data. In operation, the wait time application downloads predicted wait data from a server. The predicted wait data reflects measured wait times for one or more location, such as the ticket line at a movie theater. The wait time client then selects a wait time data point that corresponds to a location of a point-of-interest. Based on the selected wait time data point, the wait time client determines a predicted wait time at the point-of-interest. Advantageously, by leveraging crowdsourced, deterministically measured wait times, the wait time clients enables the incorporation of realistic and up-to-date predicted wait times into the trip planning process.|Approaches to crowdsourced-based wait time estimates
09671860|A manipulation input device includes a master grip having a grip part and manipulation handles movably supported on the grip part, a spring configured to generate manipulation resistance in response to a displacement amount of the manipulation handles when the manipulation handles are manipulated, and a force magnitude adjusting unit configured to adjust the force magnitude of the manipulation resistance relative to the displacement amount.|Manipulation input device and manipulator system having the same
09672240|A mobile device initiates communication with a server through a location based service and sends a user generated submission and a geolocation to the server. The server identifies an incomplete entry in a geographic database based on the geolocation and generates a probe question for the incomplete entry. The probe question requests that a user visually inspect or photograph an object or area near the geolocation. The server analyzes the information provided by the user in order to update the geographic database.|Apparatus and method to update geographic database
09672320|A method of manufacturing an integrated circuit (IC) includes: receiving a target layout of the IC, decomposing the target layout into a plurality of sub-layouts for a multiple patterning process, identifying re-locatable pattern edges in the sub-layouts, and relocating the edges to improve manufacturability of the IC. In an embodiment, relocating the edges includes: choosing an evaluation index based on a target manufacturing process, moving one or more of the edges, calculating a score of manufacturability based on the evaluation index, and repeating the moving and the calculating until the score meets a threshold.|Method for integrated circuit manufacturing
09672470|A method/apparatus/system for generating a recommendation based on user interactions with nodes and associated tasks within a prerequisite graph. The recommendation is generated by identifying the user's current position within the prerequisite graph and identifying potential next nodes to which the user could move. Based on the user's past interactions with nodes and/or tasks within the prerequisite graph, the user's likelihood of successfully completing the potential next node is calculated, and a recommendation is made based on this calculated likelihood of the user successfully completing the potential next node.|Network-probability recommendation system
09672471|Systems, devices, and methods are described for detecting an embolus, thrombus, or a deep vein thrombus in a biological subject.|Systems, devices, and methods for detecting occlusions in a biological subject including spectral learning
09672550|Methods and systems can be provided for providing items manufactured on demand to users. A user request for an item can be received. The item can have 3D manufacturing instructions associated therewith. A delivery method for the item can be determined. A manufacturing apparatus can be selected to manufacture the item based on the 3D manufacturing instructions. Instructions can be sent to the manufacturing apparatus to manufacture the item based on the 3D manufacturing instructions. Delivery instructions can be provided for delivering the item according to the delivery method.|Fulfillment of orders for items using 3D manufacturing on demand
09672621|Methods and systems are described for hair transplantation and other surgical procedures on a body surface. Specifically, methods and systems for computer-implemented and/or robotic hair transplantation and other surgical procedures, using time constrained image processing techniques are described. In various examples, multiple images of a body surface may be divided into overlapping sub regions for comparison. In various other cases, a percentage of an image of a body surface to be processed may be adjusted based on a time constraint. In some implementations, the output of one of these methods may be used as input for the other method.|Methods and systems for hair transplantation using time constrained image processing
09672630|A contour line measurement apparatus includes an edge line extraction unit for setting a picture processing region and extracting an edge line from an object picture in each of the regions, an edge point generation unit for generating edge points which are intersections of the edge lines and epipolar lines, a corresponding point selection unit for selecting, from the plurality of edge points, a pair of edge points corresponding to the same portion of the reference contour line, and a three dimensional point calculation unit for calculating a three dimensional point on the contour line of the object on the basis of lines of sight of cameras which pass the pair of edge points.|Contour line measurement apparatus and robot system
09672760|A user-specific, electroencephalogram data-based secure encryption generator maps artificial neural network neuron elements to electroencephalogram data signals generated from scanning neural activity of a user while the user executes a mental activity. Weighting factors are trained to transform the electroencephalogram data signals into a first set of weighted signals that are different from weighted signals generated from scanning neural activity of the user while the user executes another, different activity, and from weighted signals generated from scanning neural activity of another user while executing a similar mental activity. The trained weighting factors are associated with the first set of electroencephalogram data signals and the current mental activity. Thus, a reproducible electroencephalogram encryption key is defined that is unique to the user as a function of one or both of the trained weighting factors and the first weighted set of electroencephalogram data signals.|Personalized EEG-based encryptor
09673071|A buffer station for thermal control of semiconductor substrates in a semiconductor substrate processing system is configured to interface with first and second vacuum transfer modules of the system so as to allow substrates to be transferred therebetween. The buffer station comprises a first vacuum transfer module interface configured to allow substrates to be transferred between the first vacuum transfer module and the buffer station, and a second transfer module interface configured to allow substrates to be transferred between the second vacuum transfer module and the buffer station. At least one buffer chamber between the first and second vacuum transfer module interfaces includes a lower pedestal configured to receive a substrate on a support surface thereof. One or more semiconductor substrate storage shelves are above the lower pedestal. Each shelf is configured to receive a substrate from the first or second vacuum transfer module and store the respective substrate thereon.|Buffer station for thermal control of semiconductor substrates transferred therethrough and method of transferring semiconductor substrates
09673751|The present invention relates to a rotating solar concentrating device wherein reflective sheets hung in a catenary trough shape capable of solar concentration may be protectively furled and balanced and rotated about a vertical axis. The reflective sheets may be furled to protect them from damage from wind, rain, and dust. In some embodiments, rotating parts of the device may be hung from supports above. In some embodiments, a furling mechanism may initiate protective furling in response to damaging environmental factors. Some embodiments may concentrate light on a photovoltaic cell wherein the photovoltaic cell is cooled by immersion in a heat pipe. In some embodiments, reflective surfaces may be supported by cables that are tensioned by a hanging, rotating ballast. In some embodiments, the device may be employed in a ganged array. In some embodiments, the invention may harvest wind energy as a vertical axis wind turbine (VAWT).|Rotating furling catenary solar concentrator
09675421|Devices, systems, and methods are disclosed for cancelling movement of one or more joints of a telesurgical manipulator to effect manipulation movement of an end effector. Methods include calculating movement of joints within a null-perpendicular space to effect desired end effector movement while calculating movement of one or more locked joints within a null-space to cancel the movement of the locked joints within the null-perpendicular-space. Methods may further include calculating movement of one or more joints to effect an auxiliary movement or a reconfiguration movement that may include movement of one or more locked joints. The auxiliary and reconfiguration movements may overlay the manipulation movement of the joints to allow movement of the locked joints to effect the auxiliary movement or reconfiguration movement, while the movement of the locked joints to effect manipulation is canceled. Various configurations for devices and systems utilizing such methods are provided herein.|Systems and methods for cancellation of joint motion using the null-space
09676100|A trajectory along which a robot is driven by an actuator is calculated using a first constraint value. A target value of the robot and a second constraint value are used to calculate a target trajectory of the robot. A deflection correction amount of the robot is calculated. The target trajectory is corrected from the deflection correction amount to calculate a deflection correction trajectory. Performance of the actuator necessary to operate the robot based on the deflection correction trajectory is calculated. It is determined whether a first condition that the actuator performance is within a range of the first constraint value and a second condition that a difference between the first constraint value and the actuator performance is within a range of a predetermined value are satisfied. The deflection trajectory is output to the actuator if it is determined that the first condition and the second condition are satisfied.|Control apparatus of robot, robot, and program thereof
09676101|An operating program writing system includes a block storing part which stores a plurality of blocks constituting work units of an operating program, a selecting part which selects any number of blocks from the plurality of blocks, a displaying part which displays a path diagram including the any number of blocks and arguments which are contained in the blocks, a selecting and inputting part which selects at least one block among the any number of blocks and inputs the arguments of the at least one block, a running part which arranges run buttons for the respective any number of blocks and runs blocks which correspond to the run buttons, and a writing part which uses the any number of blocks and the input argument of the at least one block as the basis to write an operating program.|Operating program writing system
09676470|The disclosure herein provides for disbond resistant stringer runouts. Various aspects may be used independently or in combination to mitigate disbonding associated with the stiffener runout under operational loads. Aspects include a stiffener runout having rounded base flange corners. A recessed notch may be incorporated within the base flange to provide a flange termination point that is forward of the web termination point, allowing the web to terminate prior to the base flange. The web may be trimmed from a full height to a reduced height at the web termination point. The base flange may be co-bonded to the underlying composite structure via a scarf joint. Perimeter clamp radius fillers may be used to concentrate a clamping force around the perimeter of the base flange.|Disbond resistant composite stiffener runout
09676471|An edge morphing arrangement for an airfoil having upper and lower control surfaces is provided with an elongated edge portion that overlies the edge of the airfoil, the edge portion having a surface element having first and second edges that communicate with, and form extensions of, respective ones of the upper and lower control surfaces of the elongated airfoil. The surface elements are formed of deformable compliant material that extends cross-sectionally from the first surface element edge to an apex of the edge portion, and to the second surface element edge. There is additionally provided a driving link having first and second driving link ends, the first driving link end being coupled to the interior of one of the first and second rib portions. The second end is arranged to receive a morphing force, and the rib element is deformed in response to the morphing force.|Compliant structure design for varying surface contours
09676480|A flying machine capable of blocking light autonomously includes a machine body with a flight direction control module, a light sensor for detecting a sunshine angle, a position sensor for detecting the position of a moving object, and a flight movement adjuster to control the machine body to autonomously fly to a position linearly aligned with the sunlight and the moving object, so that the flying machine blocks between the sunlight and the moving object.|Flying machine capable of blocking light autonomously
09676481|A tether compensated unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is described. In one embodiment, the UAV includes a winch with a tether to lower an item from the UAV for delivery, a flight controller to control a flight path of the UAV, a tether compensation mechanism through which the tether extends, at least one sensor to identify movement in the tether, and a tether response controller. Based on movement identified in the tether, the tether response controller may determine a complementary response and direct the tether compensation mechanism to brace the tether against the movement. Thus, the tether compensation mechanism may stabilize sway or movement in the tether by moving against the sway or movement, which may help prevent the tether from undesirable swinging when lowering the item from the UAV for delivery, for example, or at other times.|Tether compensated airborne delivery
09676491|A method of managing evaporated cryogenic fuel in a storage tank of a cryogenic fuel system of an aircraft and an aircraft having at least one turbine engine providing propulsive force for the aircraft and a cryogenic fuel system including a passively cooled cryogenic fuel storage tank located within the aircraft, a pressure vent fluidly coupled to the cryogenic fuel storage tank and exhausting evaporated gas from the cryogenic fuel to define a natural gas vent stream, and a catalytic converter fluidly coupled to the pressure vent.|Aircraft and method of managing evaporated cryogenic fuel
09676500|A method of solar occultation, and in particular solar coronagraphy, employing a spacecraft 200 is disclosed. The spacecraft is controlled to achieve a position within a target zone relative to a celestial body, such as the Moon, such that the celestial body occults the Sun, allowing observations of the Sun or the space around the Sun, and in particular the Sun's corona, to be made from the spacecraft. The spacecraft has an orbit 40 around the Earth in a plane S, which like the Moon's orbit 20 in plane M, is inclined relative to the ecliptic plane E. Once inside the target zone, the spacecraft's orbit is controlled such that it remains in the target zone for longer than it would otherwise. This is achieved through the orbit within the target zone being at least partly non-Keplerian, when the orbit is under the influence of spacecraft translational thrust for example. The invention also extends to a method of controlling a spacecraft, to a spacecraft, and to a solar coronagraph comprising a spacecraft and a celestial body.|Method of solar occultation
09676501|A large area, deployable flexible blanket photovoltaic solar array architecture for high power applications is disclosed. The structure is a modularized and scalable solar array system that provides high power level scalability. The structure is comprised of repeating, similar modular deployable roll-out solar array wings mounted in an opposing manner and along the length of a rigid, strong and efficiently packaged deployable backbone structure. The deployable roll-out solar array building block modular "winglet" elements can be comprised of either a rolled or z-folded flexible photovoltaic blanket configuration, and their structural deployment is motivated by the elastic strain energy of longitudinal roll-out booms. The backbone structure is comprised of a stiff deployable beam structure articulated that is deployed perpendicular with respect to the spacecraft sidewall and latched out. Deployment of the "winglets" can be conducted once the articulated backbone structure has been deployed, is latched, and forms a rigid beam.|Space solar array architecture for ultra-high power applications
09676551|An autonomous transport robot for transporting a payload, the autonomous transport robot includes a payload bed having at least one reference datum surface and at least one payload justification device, the at least one payload justification device being configured to position a payload on the payload bed in substantial contact with the at least one reference datum surface to place the payload in a predetermined position on the payload bed.|Bot payload alignment and sensing
09677471|One of the objects of the invention is to provide a water-saving type advanced humid air gas turbine system (AHAT) that can decrease the amount of makeup water to be supplied from the outside, by reducing the amount of water consumed when the gas turbine system is starting up, shut down, or subjected to load rejection. The gas turbine system includes a compressor, the compressed air header for generating humidified combustion air, a combustor for generating combustion gas, and the turbine. When the gas turbine system is starting up, shut down or subjected to load rejection, steam coming from the heat recovery steam generator is recovered by blocking the first steam system and making the second steam system communicate with the heat recovery steam generator.|Advanced humid air gas turbine system
09677501|An exemplary nozzle having a variable internal exhaust area for a gas turbine engine can have a plurality of flap trains extending around a periphery of the gas turbine engine. Each flap train can include a convergent flap pivotally attached to an engine body and a divergent flap pivotally attached to the engine body downstream of the convergent flap. The nozzle can further have a fluid circuit in communication with the convergent and divergent flaps and configured to pivot the convergent and divergent flaps between a radially inward position and a radially outward position.|Three stream, variable area fixed aperture nozzle with pneumatic actuation
09677540|A yaw backup system is provided. The yaw backup system includes an energy storage medium for storing auxiliary power. The yaw backup system also includes a yaw controller for coordinating delivery of power from the energy storage medium to a yaw motor for controlling a yaw angle of a wind turbine during grid loss conditions. The yaw controller executes the steps of receiving wind direction signals over time from a sensor, altering a tolerance level of a wind turbine based on changes in the wind direction signals over time and controlling delivery of power to the yaw motor from the auxiliary power of the energy storage medium based on the tolerance level to control the yaw angle for reducing a load on the wind turbine induced by wind.|System and method for providing yaw backup to a wind farm
09677541|The invention is based on the problem of creating an additional device to act as a "secondary emergency device" in the case that one or more standard emergency devices fail to adjust the blade angle of one or multiple rotor blades into a position of power limitation. The method of braking a wind turbine in an emergency by adjusting the rotor blades for wind turbines with power control via the principle of pitch control or active stall control and of holding the position of a rotor blade for each rotor blade with at least one actuator and at least one holding brake is a redundant measure for an emergency. This enables one or more holding brakes to open depending on the rotor-blade direction that is required and to close or to be kept closed when an adjustment of a rotor-blade direction is not desired.|Method and apparatus for braking a wind turbine in case of emergency
09678161|The disclosure relates to checking a rotational speed relay of a wind turbine. The wind turbine comprises a rotational speed sensor for the rotational speed of a shaft. The rotational speed sensor outputs a rotational speed signal, which is fed to a signal input of the rotational speed relay. According to disclosure, the rotational speed signal fed to the rotational speed relay is first inactivated. Then a signal generator is activated, which produces a check signal equivalent to the rotational speed signal. The check signal is fed to the signal input of the rotational speed relay. The signal generator is operated with a check signal that is beyond a rotational speed limit, and a check is performed to determine if the rotational speed relay generates a switch-off command. This allows the functional capability of the rotational speed relay to be checked reliably and at low cost.|Wind energy installation and method for testing a rotational speed relay of a wind energy installation
09679051|Aspects of the present disclosure are directed toward evaluating an answer sequence. Aspects are directed toward receiving a set of answer sequences including a first answer sequence. The first answer sequence may have a first set of answers. Aspects are also directed toward identifying a set of scores coupled with the first set of answers. Aspects are also directed toward determining, based on a subject matter corresponding to the first answer sequence, a set of evaluation rules. Aspects are also directed toward generating, based on the set of scores and the set of evaluation rules, a sequence evaluation score for the first answer sequence.|Answer sequence evaluation
09679241|A thermodynamic random access memory includes one or more AHaH (Anti-Hebbian and Hebbian) node wherein read out of data is accomplished via a common summing electrode through memristive components and wherein multiple input cells are simultaneously active. A ktRAM architecture comprising a memory wherein each input synapse or "bit" of the memory interacts on or with a common electrode through a common "dendritic" electrode, and wherein each input can be individually driven. Each input constitutes a memory cell driving a common electrode.|Thermodynamic random access memory for neuromorphic computing utilizing AHaH (anti-hebbian and hebbian) and memristor components
09679250|An efficient fact checking system analyzes and determines the factual accuracy of information and/or characterizes the information by comparing the information with source information. The efficient fact checking system automatically monitors information, processes the information, fact checks the information efficiently and/or provides a status of the information.|Efficient fact checking method and system
09679251|A knowledge-based system under uncertainties and/or incompleteness, referred to as augmented knowledge base (AKB) is provided, including constructing, reasoning, analyzing and applying AKBs by creating objects in the form E?A, where A is a rule in a knowledgebase and E is a set of evidences that supports the rule A. A reasoning scheme under uncertainties and/or incompleteness is provided as augmented reasoning (AR).|Augmented knowledge base and reasoning with uncertainties and/or incompleteness
09679260|In one embodiment, a method for training an adaptive filter includes receiving, by a processor from a device, an input signal and a training reference signal and determining a correlation matrix in accordance with the input signal, the training reference signal, and a filter type. The method also includes determining a plurality of coefficients in accordance with the correlation matrix and adjusting the adaptive filter in accordance with the plurality of coefficients.|System and method for adaptive filter
09679261|A machine learning classifier based procurement system determines a price risk score, a supplier risk score, and an item risk score for bids based on classifications performed by a machine learning classifier. The scores are compared to respective thresholds to determine if any of the bids are associated with a high-risk procurement.|Machine learning classifier that compares price risk score, supplier risk score, and item risk score to a threshold
09679270|Systems, methods and devices for the automated delivery of goods form one to another using a robotic tug and accompanying cart. A computer within the tug or cart stores an electronic map of the building floor plan and intended paths for the tug to take when traversing from one location to the next. During the delivery, a variety of different sensors and scanners gather data that is used to avoid obstacles and/or adjust the movement of the tug in order to more closely follow the intended path. The system preferably includes both wired and wireless networks that allow one or more tugs to communicate with a tug base station, a primary network located at the site of the delivery and a remote host center that monitors the status and data collected by the tugs.|Robotic ordering and delivery system software and methods
09679301|A method, apparatus and computer program product are provided for generating and utilizing a user pattern profile. In this regard, the user pattern profile can include information regarding service selections made on a user node and movements of a user. The generated user pattern profile can compared to a threshold profile, and based on the results of the comparison, an action can be undertaken.|Method, apparatus and computer program product for developing, aggregating, and utilizing user pattern profiles
09679491|Various embodiments for conducting proxy teaching for learning devices within a decentralized system, including an embodiment method with operations for obtaining, by a teacher signaling device, objectives data related to activities of one or more of the learning devices, generating, by the teacher signaling device, teaching routines based on the obtained objectives data, and broadcasting, by the teacher signaling device, teaching signals configured to teach one or more of the learning devices based on the generated teaching routines. Other embodiments may obtain objectives data by requesting reflex information from the learning devices or intercepting event report messages transmitted by the learning devices. Other embodiments may include broadcasting discovery signals to identify nearby learning devices and modifying teaching routines when objectives of the generated teaching routines cannot be achieved. Other embodiments may include transmitting an authorization request to a user device to determine whether to broadcast teaching signals.|Signaling device for teaching learning devices
09679691|An improved transformer arrangement of a wind turbine is provided. A wind turbine transformer arrangement comprises a transformer that is arranged in the wind turbine. The transformer comprises a housing. The transformer housing is filled with an oil. The transformer arrangement comprises at least one decompression chamber and the interior of the transformer housing is connected to the interior of the decompression chamber by a pressure release tube in a way that an increase in the pressure in the transformer housing due to a malfunction of the transformer is transferred through the pressure release tube into the decompression chamber.|Wind turbine transformer arrangement
09680350|The present invention provides a method and apparatus for separating air and generating electrical power. A compressed air stream produced in a main air compressor is introduced into an air separation unit that cryogenically rectifies the air into component products. During turndown conditions of the air separation unit, a combustion air stream formed from all or part of the compressed air stream is introduced into a combustor in which a fuel is combusted to produce a heated and pressurized combustion stream. Such stream is introduced to a turbine connected to an electrical generator to generate electrical power. The combustion air stream can be saturated with moisture to increase power output. Further, the combustion air stream can also be preheated with an exhaust of a gas turbine.|Air separation power generation integration
09681270|Methods and systems of localizing a device are presented. In an example method, a communication signal from a device is received by a wireless reference point during a period of time. A sequence of values is generated from the communication signal, as received by the wireless reference point, during the period of time. The sequence of values is supplied to a learning model configured to generate an output based on past values of the sequence of values and at least one predicted future value of the sequence of values. The current location of the device is estimated during the period of time based on the output of the learning model.|Device localization based on a learning model
09681920|Robotic system and method for positioning an energy applicator extending from a surgical instrument. The robotic system includes a surgical manipulator operable in a manual mode or a semi-autonomous mode. The surgical manipulator moves the energy applicator along a tool path in the semi-autonomous mode, monitors output of a force/torque sensor as the energy applicator moves along the tool path, and reorients the surgical instrument based on the output in response to a user applying reorienting forces and torques to the surgical instrument.|Robotic system and method for reorienting a surgical instrument moving along a tool path
09681921|The invention relates to a method for controlling a robot system (1) for minimally invasive surgery, which comprises at least two robots (2, 3). According to the invention a port (7), which serves to provide access into the body of a patient (5), is operated by means of a first robot (2), and a surgical instrument (10), which is designed to be introduced into the body of the patient (5) through the port (7), is operated by means of a second robot (3). The separate operation of the port (7) and the surgical instrument (10) makes it possible to guide the port (7) synchronously to a movement of the surgical instrument (10), to damp the movement of the surgical instrument (10) or to block the movement by fixing the port (7).|Robot system and method for controlling a robot system for minimally invasive surgery
09682480|A machine has at least one actuated mechanism is remotely located from a control station. A two way real-time communication link connects the machine location with the control station. A controller at the machine location has program code that is configured to determine from data from one or more sensors at the machine location if an actual fault has occurred in the machine when the machine is performing its predetermined function and to determine for an actual fault one or more types for the fault and transmit the one or more fault types to the control station for analysis. The code in the controller is configured to be a preprogrammed trap routine specific to the machine function that is automatically executed when an error in machine operation is detected at the machine location. The controller also has a default trap routine that is executed when specific routine does not exist.|Teleoperation of machines having at least one actuated mechanism and a fault detection and recovery system
09682481|A control system may perform functions including (i) storing data indicating an association between an optical identifier and a first robot, (ii) sending, to the first robot, data encoding the optical identifier for display by the first robot, and (iii) after sending the data encoding the optical identifier, sending, to a second robot, the data indicating the association between the optical identifier and the first robot. In some examples, the first robot may receive, from the control system, data encoding a second optical identifier of the first robot so that the first robot may display the second optical identifier instead of the first optical identifier. In some examples, a first robot may capture an image of an indication of a priority status of a second robot and perform an action based on comparing a first priority status of the first robot to the second priority status of the second robot.|Communication of information regarding a robot using an optical identifier
09682770|An aircraft landing gear including an axle and a wheel (5) that includes a rim (6) mounted to turn on the axle about a first rotation axis (X1), the landing gear further comprising an actuator (12) for driving the wheel (5) in rotation. The rim (6) includes obstacles (33) that project from a lateral face (F) of the rim and the driving actuator includes a lead screw (32) mounted to turn about a second rotation axis (X2) perpendicular to the first rotation axis (X1) and adapted to cooperate with the obstacles of the rim to drive the wheel in rotation.|Aircraft landing gear equipped with wheel driving means
09682771|Controlling rotor blades of a rotor assembly includes determining an azimuthal position of a rotor assembly and identifying a lateral control command value, a longitudinal control command value and a collective control command value of a rotor assembly control system. A sine value and a cosine value of the azimuthal position are calculated and separate blade commands signals are generated for each separate blade of the rotor assembly to control a position of each blade independent of each other blade. The blade command signals are generated based on combining the sine and cosine values of the azimuthal position with the lateral control command value, the longitudinal control command value and the collective control command value.|Controlling rotor blades of a swashplateless rotor
09682780|An aircraft monument comprising a first compartment and a cabin attendant seat having a backrest and a seat element. The seat element is movable relative to the backrest between a folded position, wherein a seat surface of the seat element extends substantially parallel to a backrest surface of the backrest, and an unfolded position, wherein the seat surface of the seat element extends substantially perpendicular to the backrest surface of the backrest. The cabin attendant seat is movable relative to the aircraft monument between a stowed position, wherein the cabin attendant seat, with the seat element being in its folded position, is received in the first compartment of the aircraft monument, and an operating position, wherein the cabin attendant seat is disposed outside of the first compartment of the aircraft monument in a position which allows the seat element to be moved into its unfolded position.|Aircraft monument comprising an integrated cabin attendant seat and aircraft area
09683460|A method for inspecting a turbomachine is provided. The method includes the steps of, attaching a gimbal mount to the turbomachine, inserting a probe into the turbomachine through the gimbal mount, and adjusting a position of the probe via the gimbal mount. A removing step removes the probe from the turbomachine. An attaching step attaches a traverse actuator system to the gimbal mount. The traverse actuator system is connected to the gimbal mount through a pressure isolation system. A reinserting step is used to reinsert the probe back into the turbomachine. An inspecting step is used to inspect or test the turbomachine.|System and method for inspecting turbomachines
09683490|A fan containment system includes an annular casing element and a hook projecting in a generally radially inward direction from the annular casing element. A fan track liner is connected to the hook via a fastener. The fan track liner has a forward end proximal to the hook and a rearward end distal to the hook. A pivot member protrudes radially inward from the annular casing element and is arranged and positioned between the forward and rearward end of the fan track liner such that a forward portion of the fan track liner is pivotable about the pivot member, so that upon release of a fan blade the forward portion of the fan track liner pivots about the pivot member into a voidal region provided between the annular casing element and the forward portion of the fan track liner to encourage engagement of the hook with a released fan blade.|Pivoting fan track liner for blade retainment
09683550|A method for operating a wind turbine is provided. At least one temperature information indicating the temperature of at least one component of the wind turbine is generated. The temperature information is used for determining at least one material property information indicating at least one component specific, temperature dependent mechanical property of the respective component. At least one operational parameter of the wind turbine is adjusted in consideration of the at least one material property information.|Method for operating a wind turbine
09683551|The rotor blades of a wind turbine each have a plurality of fiber-optic pressure variation sensors which can detect the onset of a stall condition. The output of the stall condition sensors is input to a stall count circuit which increases a stall count signal each time a stall indication is received. The stall count signal is decayed exponentially over time and the current signal is summed with the decayed signal from a previous sampling period to form a value from which a stall margin is determined. An ?:? curve of tip speed to wind speed ratio ? against pitch angle reference ? is then determined from the stall margin.|Optimization of power production in a wind turbine at below rated power
09683600|A ball bearing sleeve is used in a turbocharging device. The ball bearing sleeve has one or more ball bearings that are designed to control loads that are applied to the sleeve in the x, y and z-directions. The ball bearing sleeve is designed to replace the "thrust bearing" that is typically the "weak link" in a turbocharging device, as well as the journal bearings. The sleeve is designed to include a cylindrical portion that includes one or more grooves for directing the flow of oil around the sleeve for cooling. An oil duct having access holes directs the flow of oil into the ball bearings. Sleeve device may be retro-fitted into an existing turbocharger, which originally had journal and thrust bearings.|Sleeve bearing for turbocharging device
09683641|An apparatus for driving links is provided and includes a base onto which an actuator is installed and a plurality of connection links connected to the base via a plurality of hinge pins, and the respective end of which is connected via the hinge pin to form a series of a driving lines. A plurality of capstans are disposed on the plurality of hinge pins, respectively and a wire allows the respective capstan to be rotated when the actuator drives by sequentially connecting the actuator and the respective capstans. A plurality of clutches are disposed on the plurality of hinge pins, respectively, and allow the connection links and the capstans to be rotated together, or allow the capstans to be rotated by connecting or disconnecting the ends of the connection links and the capstans, respectively.|Apparatus for driving links
09684301|An assembly sequence generating apparatus includes a computer that has a display control unit (301) that causes a display unit to display a 3-D model; a setting unit (302) that, when parts included in the 3-D model displayed on the display unit are sequentially selected, sets the selected parts to not be displayed; and a storing unit (304) that stores to a memory unit, a reverse sequence of a sequence of the selection of the parts as an assembly sequence of the 3-D model.|Computer product, assembly sequence generating apparatus, and manufacturing method
09684661|A method for correlating data stored in a database implements a web crawler element and an analyzer element to discover data correlations between a first set of data and a second set of data. The web crawler element searches online for a plurality of electronic files, and inspects said electronic files in order to determine a file type for each of the electronic files. A plurality of accepted files is marked for review; the accepted files being the electronic files having the file type being a data structure. Each of the accepted files is inspected for chronological tags, wherein a plurality of relatable files is stored in a database, each having chronological tags. The first set of data is then selected from the database to determine data correlations with the second set of data; the second set of data being uploaded by a user account or selected from the database.|Method for correlating data
09684741|A query may be applied against search engines that respectively return a set of search results relating to various items discovered in the searched data sets. However, presenting numerous and varied search results may be difficult on mobile devices with small displays and limited computational resources. Instead, search results may be associated with search domains representing various information types (e.g., contacts, public figures, places, projects, movies, music, and books) and presented by grouping search results with associated query domains, e.g., in a tabbed user interface. The query may be received through an input device associated with a particular input domain, and may be transitioned to the query domain of a particular search engine (e.g., by recognizing phonemes of a voice query using an acoustic model; matching phonemes with query terms according to a pronunciation model; and generating a recognition result according to a vocabulary of an n-gram language model.)|Presenting search results according to query domains
09684870|Methods and systems for classifying mobile device behavior include configuring a server use a large corpus of mobile device behaviors to generate a full classifier model that includes a finite state machine suitable for conversion into boosted decision stumps and/or which describes all or many of the features relevant to determining whether a mobile device behavior is benign or contributing to the mobile device's degradation over time. A mobile device may receive the full classifier model and use the model to generate a full set of boosted decision stumps from which a more focused or lean classifier model is generated by culling the full set to a subset suitable for efficiently determining whether mobile device behavior are benign. Boosted decision stumps may be culled by selecting all boosted decision stumps that depend upon a limited set of test conditions.|Methods and systems of using boosted decision stumps and joint feature selection and culling algorithms for the efficient classification of mobile device behaviors
09684871|An efficient fact checking system analyzes and determines the factual accuracy of information and/or characterizes the information by comparing the information with source information. The efficient fact checking system automatically monitors information, processes the information, fact checks the information efficiently and/or provides a status of the information.|Efficient fact checking method and system
09686161|A device may correspond to a physical access controller in a distributed physical access control system. A method, performed by the device in a distributed system, may include detecting that another device in the distributed system has become unavailable; determining that a loss of consensus has occurred in the distributed system based on detecting that the other device has become unavailable; generating a list of available devices in the distributed system; and sending an alarm message to an administrative device, wherein the alarm message indicates the loss of consensus and wherein the alarm message includes the list of available devices.|Consensus loss in distributed control systems
09686310|The present disclosure describes a method for repairing a file. A user device searches for a defect file corrupted by a virus file, obtains a virus file name of the virus file and transmits the virus file name to a server. The user device receives an indication transmitted by the server and generates first characteristic information according to the indication; wherein the indication includes information of positions of the defect file that will not be modified by the virus file. The user device transmits the first characteristic information to the server, such that the server obtains a repairing file corresponding to the first characteristic information. The user device replaces the defect file with the repairing file.|Method and apparatus for repairing a file
09686340|Systems, methods, and other embodiments associated with data stream classification are described. One example method includes identifying packets associated with the data stream. The example method may also include updating a set of characterization data associated with the data stream based on information associated with a packet. The example method may also include assigning a data stream classifier to the data stream by comparing characterization data to identification data upon determining that the set of characterization data indicates that the data stream is able to be classified. The example method may also include providing a signal associated with the data stream classifier.|Data stream classification
09686960|A robotic attacher comprises a gripping portion, a vision system positioned on a first surface of the gripping portion, and at least one nozzle positioned on a second surface of the gripping portion. The gripping portion is rotates about a longitudinal axis such that during a first time, the vision system is positioned generally on the top of the gripping portion, and during a second time, the nozzle is positioned generally on the top of the gripping portion.|Milking box with robotic attacher
09686961|A system for operating a robotic arm comprises a carriage and a robotic arm. The carriage is mounted on a track adjacent to a rotary milking platform having a substantially circular perimeter and a stall for a dairy livestock. The carriage moves along a substantially straight portion of the track tangent to and outside the perimeter of the rotary milking platform at a rate based at least in part upon a speed of rotation of the rotary milking platform. The carriage moves in a direction corresponding to the direction of rotation of the rotary milking platform and such movement of the carriage is independent of any physical coupling between the carriage and the rotary milking platform. The robotic arm extends between the legs of the dairy livestock.|Automated system for moving a robotic arm along a rotary milking platform
09687301|A control method may be applied to a surgical robot system including a slave robot having a robot arm to which a main surgical tool and an auxiliary surgical tool are coupled, and a master robot having a master manipulator to manipulate the robot arm. The control method includes acquiring data regarding a motion of the master manipulator, predicting a basic motion to be performed by an operator based on the acquired motion data and results of learning a plurality of motions constituting a surgical task, and adjusting the auxiliary surgical tool so as to correspond to the operator basic motion based on the predicted basic motion. The control method allows an operator to perform surgery more comfortably and to move or fix all required surgical tools to or at an optimized surgical position.|Surgical robot system and control method thereof
09687310|Telerobotic, telesurgical, and/or surgical robotic devices, systems, and methods employ surgical robotic linkages that may have more degrees of freedom than an associated surgical end effector n space. A processor can calculate a tool motion that includes pivoting of the tool about an aperture site. Linkages movable along a range of configurations for a given end effector position may be driven toward configurations which inhibit collisions. Refined robotic linkages and method for their use are also provided.|Software center and highly configurable robotic systems for surgery and other uses
09687930|Methods and systems for using near field communication (NFC) protocol and logic to calibrate welding operations and systems are described. Further, methods and systems for using NFC logic and tags are described for networking, calibrating and linking components that comprise welding systems.|Systems and methods for networking, configuration, calibration and identification of welding equipment
09687981|A serpentine body includes a first portion, a first wheel coupled to the first portion, a second portion, a second wheel coupled to the second portion, and at least one sensor coupled to the first portion and/or the second portion. The first wheel is rotatable in a first direction. The second wheel is rotatable in a second direction opposite the first direction when the first wheel rotates in the first direction.|Locomotion system for robotic snake
09688381|The invention relates to a subfloor structure with an integral hull, for a rotary wing aircraft. The subfloor structure comprises an integral subfloor hull that defines in one piece, upward web portions acting as longerons and a bottom central portion offering both load bearing capabilities and aerodynamical loft features. The subfloor structure is useful for rotary wing aircrafts such as helicopters, and is e.g. made of composite and/or light alloy such as aluminum.|Subfloor structure with an integral hull for a rotary wing aircraft
09688390|A landing gear assembly 10 having first and second parts 12b, 14b movably mounted with respect to one another. The landing gear assembly includes a critical space 32. A spring assembly 26 is arranged to bias the first and second parts to move relative to one another. A spring support 30 is provided to inhibit a broken portion of the spring assembly entering or contacting the critical space following a spring failure.|Landing gear assembly
09688391|The present disclosure describes an axle sleeve. The axle sleeve may be insertable over a portion of an axle, such as a mid-journal surface between an inner journal and an outer journal of the axle, to protect the mid-journal surface of the axle from damage. The axle sleeve may have a main body with an expansion mechanism, such as an axial cutout arrangement or a helical cutout arrangement. The expansion mechanism may allow the axle sleeve to expand diametrically to pass over a journal and to contract to seat on a mid-journal surface. An axial cutout arrangement may include cutout(s) extending from an end of the axle sleeve parallel to the central axis of the axle sleeve. A helical cutout arrangement may include cutout(s) extending from an end of the axle sleeve along a spiral path.|Axle sleeve
09688400|Unmanned aerial vehicles and methods for providing the same are disclosed. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to a support frame. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations with a continuous track for ground propulsion. The unmanned aerial vehicles may have various configurations related to payload clamps.|Unmanned aerial vehicle
09688401|A method for retrieving personnel is provided. The method includes receiving a radio signal indicating a real-time position of personnel to be retrieved, deploying an unmanned aerial vehicle to the real-time position, receiving an indication that the personnel to be retrieved is on-board the unmanned aerial vehicle, and operating the unmanned aerial vehicle to move the personnel to a different location.|Methods and systems for retrieving personnel
09688410|The present invention provides a water inflow prevention device for aircraft, working when landing in water, the device including: a blocking body for blocking a flow channel from an outside of the aircraft when landing in water, the flow channel allowing the inside and outside of the aircraft to communicate with each other, and a valve element of a pressure adjusting valve being positioned in the flow channel; and a connection part that is deformed when landing in water, wherein the blocking body is supported by a member constituting an end of the flow channel on a side outside the aircraft through the connection part, and the connection part is deformed in a direction so as to block the flow channel by the blocking body, with use of force of water acting on the blocking body when landing in water.|Water inflow prevention device for aircraft working when landing in water, pressure adjusting valve, and aircraft
09688411|An impact protection apparatus is provided, comprising a gas container configured to hold a compressed gas and an inflatable member configured to be inflated by the gas and function as an airbag of a movable object, such as an aerial vehicle. A valve controls flow of gas from the container to the inflatable member in response to a signal from a valve controller. The valve and valve controller are powered by an independent power source than one or more other systems of the movable object. A safety mechanism may also be provided that, unless deactivated, prevents inflation of the inflatable member.|Impact protection apparatus
09688420|A seat assembling method for assembling at least one seat into an airplane, the method having the steps of position a seat installing device at a predetermined assembly position in the airplane, convey the at least one seat into the interior of the airplane to the seat installing device by means of a seat conveying device, transfer the seat from the seat conveying device to the seat installing device, and install the seat by means of the seat installing device which is positioned at the assembly position.|Method and device for assembling at least one seat into an airplane
09689371|An adhesive machine for constructing segmented rotor blades having at least three prefabricated rotor blade parts contains a first accommodating region for receiving a first prefabricated rotor blade part, a second accommodating region for receiving a second prefabricated rotor blade part and a third accommodating region for receiving a third prefabricated rotor blade part. The first accommodating region, the second accommodating region and the third accommodating region can be moved relative to each other so that, following successful receiving of the three prefabricated rotor blade parts in the proper accommodating regions in an open position of the adhesive machine, the rotor blade parts can be brought into direct or indirect contact with each other via predetermined adhesion regions and thus transferred into an adhesion position.|Method and adhesive machine for constructing segmented rotor blades
09690280|A power consumption output device for an apparatus that manufactures a plurality of products from a quantity of supplied material in a series of repeated cycles, includes a detector for detecting power consumption in a time period that includes at least the time needed for manufacturing all of the products that can be manufactured from a given quantity of supplied material, from the time at which the supply of the material to the apparatus commences to the time at which any remaining material is ejected, and delivers an output indicating power consumption per product by using the power consumption detected by the power detector and the number of products manufactured from the given quantity of supplied material. The device is thus capable of precisely calculating the electricity cost per product manufactured by an apparatus whose power consumption varies from one cycle of operation to another.|Power consumption output device and system for an automatic lathe
09690291|The present invention relates to a fly-by-wire type of aircraft flight control system having a pair of sidesticks for pilot and co-pilot input, respectively, and having logic that controls the priority of input as between the two sidesticks in certain aircraft flight situations. It allows either the pilot or co-pilot to ensure that his/her sidestick is the only one issuing flight control commands at any one moment in time by first pressing a simple latch button located, for example, on the glareshield in the cockpit and then maneuvering the sidestick in the desired manner to effectuate flight control, e.g., pitch and/or roll, of the aircraft.|Aircraft sidestick priority and dual input control logic
09690791|This disclosure relates to a method, article of manufacture, and apparatus for generating a snapshot history map. In some embodiments, this includes retrieving at least one storage pairing, extracting a snapshot history based on the at least one storage pairing, the snapshot history including a list of snapshot details sorted in chronological order, and displaying a chronological representation of the snapshot history based upon the snapshot details sorted in chronological order. In some embodiments, this further includes generating the snapshot details after performing successful snapshots using the at least one storage pairing, and extracting the snapshot history based on the at least one storage pairing includes extracting the snapshot history of the at least one pairing by querying a database.|Snapshot history map
09690891|A method for facilitating semiconductor device manufacturing may include the following steps: receiving a custom design data set, which complies with a first element-identification scheme; generating a compatible design data set using the custom design data set, wherein data elements in the compatible design data set correspond to data elements in the custom design data set, and wherein the compatible design data set is compatible with a dummy-pattern-data generation module; generating a first dummy-pattern data set using the dummy-pattern-data generation module and the compatible design data set; and generating a second dummy-pattern data set using the first dummy-pattern data set, wherein data elements in the second dummy-pattern data set correspond to data elements in the first dummy-pattern data set, and wherein the second dummy-pattern data set complies with the first element-identification scheme.|Method and apparatus for facilitating manufacturing of semiconductor device
09691020|Provided is a DNN learning method that can reduce DNN learning time using data belonging to a plurality of categories. The method includes the steps of training a language-independent sub-network 120 and language-dependent sub-networks 122 and 124 with training data of Japanese and English. This step includes: a first step of training a DNN obtained by connecting neurons in an output layer of the sub-network 120 with neurons in an input layer of sub-network 122 with Japanese training data; a step of forming a DNN by connecting the sub-network 124 in place of the sub-network 122 to the sub-network 120 and training it with English data; repeating these steps alternately until all training data ends; and after completion, separating the first sub-network 120 from other sub-networks and storing it as a category-independent sub-network in a storage medium.|Deep neural network learning method and apparatus, and category-independent sub-network learning apparatus
09691021|It is determined that a population of candidate solutions for an optimization problem has prematurely converged during a metaheuristic optimization run. A cause for premature convergence of the population is determined based, at least in part, on an analysis of the metaheuristic optimization run. A first cataclysm strategy of a plurality of cataclysm strategies is selected based, at least in part, on one of the cause of the premature convergence and a history of the metaheuristic optimization run. A cataclysm is simulated based, at least in part, on the first cataclysm strategy.|Adaptive cataclysms in genetic algorithms
09691030|Electrical usage of devices in a building may be monitored to assist a user in labeling devices. In some implementations, a user may provide information about a first device, and this information may be used to obtain a plurality of mathematical models that each correspond to a device or a class of devices. The mathematical models may be used to process an electrical signal, and a score may be generated for each mathematical model. A mathematical model may be selected from the plurality of mathematical models using the scores, such as selecting a mathematical model with a highest score. The first device may be associated with the selected mathematical model.|Assisted labeling of devices with disaggregation
09691031|An efficient fact checking system analyzes and determines the factual accuracy of information and/or characterizes the information by comparing the information with source information. The efficient fact checking system automatically monitors information, processes the information, fact checks the information efficiently and/or provides a status of the information.|Efficient fact checking method and system utilizing controlled broadening sources
09691151|Methods, apparatus, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for generating and using a spatio-temporal model that defines pose values for a plurality of objects in an environment and corresponding times associated with the pose values. Some implementations relate to using observations for one or more robots in an environment to generate a spatio-temporal model that defines pose values and corresponding times for multiple objects in the environment. In some of those implementations, the model is generated based on uncertainty measures associated with the pose values. Some implementations relate to utilizing a generated spatio-temporal model to determine the pose for each of one or more objects an environment at a target time. The pose for an object at a target time is determined based on one or more pose values for the object selected based on a corresponding measurement time, uncertainty measure, and/or source associated with the pose values.|Using observations from one or more robots to generate a spatio-temporal model that defines pose values for a plurality of objects in an environment
09693361|An SUOC radio employs: (1) Spectrum sensing and parameter estimation methods to characterize potential FUOCs; (2) A rate pair prediction tool to guide it's choice of FUOC to target along with the appropriate rate pair (SUOC and FUOC achievable rates); (3) Machine learning methods to automatically and on the fly advantage experience/history; (4) A decision maker with multiple possible procedures that govern steps of interaction; (5) Multiuser detection receiver to deal with the interference once information-bearing transmission has commenced by the SUOC radios. (6) a radio capable of full transmit-processing chain to accomplish modulation and full receive-processing chain to accomplish demodulation, as well as other radio functions necessary for successful wireless communications such as medium access control, networking and other functions.|Cognitive radio method and apparatus for achieving ad hoc interference multiple access wireless communication
09694501|Provided is a parallel link robot which has increased rigidity and which can be reduced in size. The parallel link robot includes: a base (1); a movable portion (2); a plurality of link portions (5) connecting the base (1) and the movable portion (2); and a plurality of actuators (6) for driving the plurality of link portions (5), wherein each of the plurality of actuators (6) is a linear actuator (6) supported on the base (1) to be rotatable about a predetermined axis (A1) and has a main body portion (8) and a shaft portion (7) for linearly moving relative to the main body portion (8), and each of the plurality of link portions (5) has a driving link (3) supported on the base (1) to be rotatable about a predetermined axis (A2) and connected to the linear actuator (6) and a driven link (4) connecting the driving link (3) and the movable portion (2). When the linear actuator (6) extends and contracts, the driving link (3) rotates relative to the base (1) about the predetermined axis (A2) of the driving link (3).|Parallel link robot
09694900|An actuator assembly includes an actuator body, a ram, and a cross pin. The actuator body has an internal axial cavity bounded by an actuator body wall and defines a pivot axis. A longitudinal slot extends along a portion of the length of the actuator body wall and is in communication with the internal axial cavity. The ram is slidably received within the axial cavity of the actuator body. The cross pin is mounted to the ram and extends laterally from the ram and into the longitudinal slot for converting linear motion of the ram into rotational motion about the pivot axis for displacing a control surface of an air vehicle.|Actuators for flight control surfaces
09694901|An aircraft landing flap includes a flap member having an abrasion-resistant coating coated on an abrasion region exposed to mechanical rubbing contacts with an aircraft spoiler. The coating comprises a polyurethane matrix based on aliphatic components and fillers embedded in the polyurethane matrix so as to increase resistance to abrasion.|Aircraft landing flap
09694910|A system enabling safe manned and unmanned operations at extremely high altitudes (above 70,000 feet). The system utilizes a balloon launch system and parachute and/or parafoil recovery.|Near-space operation systems
09694911|An aerial vehicle adapted for vertical takeoff and landing using a set of wing mounted thrust producing elements and a set of tail mounted rotors for takeoff and landing. An aerial vehicle which is adapted to vertical takeoff with the rotors in a rotated, take-off attitude then transitions to a horizontal flight path, with the rotors rotated to a typical horizontal configuration. The aerial vehicle uses different configurations of its wing mounted rotors and propellers to reduce drag in all flight modes.|Aerodynamically efficient lightweight vertical take-off and landing aircraft with pivoting rotors and stowing rotor blades
09694920|A toilet used in outer space comprises a housing, a gathering system and a collecting system installed in the housing, wherein the gathering system is an electric feeding mechanism with a conveying channel, a spiral shaft, an inlet member fitted to the conveying channel, and an outlet member formed on the conveying channel, the spiral shaft is placed in the conveying channel to move axially relative to the conveying channel, and includes a cleaner located below the conveying channel and inserting through the conveying channel having a sleeve member fitted to an output gear thereof, and the sleeve member actuates the spiral shaft to rotate via a pillar and includes a tab disposed on an inner wall thereof to correspond to the spiral groove, between the pillar and the conveying channel is defined a compression spring; the gathering system being connected to the outlet member.|Toilet used in outer space
09695711|An exhaust-gas turbocharger (1) having a turbine housing (2), a compressor housing (3), a bearing housing (4) which has a bearing housing axis (L), and a connecting device (5) for connecting the bearing housing (4) to the turbine housing (2) and/or to the compressor housing (3). The connecting device has a multiplicity of screws (6), a number of screw holes (7, 7') in the bearing housing (4) corresponding to the number of screws (6), and in the turbine housing (2) and/or in the compressor housing (3) a number of threaded holes (8) corresponding to the number of screws (6). The screw holes (7, 7'), the threaded holes (8) and the screws (6) are arranged at an acute angle (a) with respect to a joining surface (9) between the bearing housing (4) and the turbine housing (2) or between the bearing housing (4) and the compressor housing (3).|Exhaust-gas turbocharger
09695750|A turbine engine assembly having a turbine core with a compressor section, a combustion section, a turbine section, and a nozzle section and a liquid natural gas (LNG) fuel system having a LNG reservoir, a vaporizer heat exchanger, a first liquid supply line operably coupling the LNG reservoir to an input of the vaporizer heat exchanger, a gas supply line operably coupling an output of the vaporizer heat exchanger to the combustion section, a second liquid supply line operably coupling the LNG reservoir to the gas supply line and a thermostatic expansion valve (TEV) and a dual fuel aircraft control system.|Turbine engine assembly and dual fuel aircraft system
09695751|A gas turbine engine typically includes a fan section, a compressor section, a combustor section and a turbine section. A speed reduction device such as an epicyclical gear assembly may be utilized to drive the fan section such that the fan section may rotate at a speed different than the turbine section so as to increase the overall propulsive efficiency of the engine. In such engine architectures, a shaft driven by one of the turbine sections provides an input to the epicyclical gear assembly that drives the fan section at a speed different than the turbine section such that both the turbine section and the fan section can rotate at closer to optimal speeds providing increased performance attributes and performance by desirable combinations of the disclosed features of the various components of the described and disclosed gas turbine engine.|Geared turbofan gas turbine engine architecture
09695800|A wind turbine blade with a plurality of flow guiding device parts attached to a profiled contour on a pressure side of the blade is described. The longitudinally extending flow guiding device parts are grouped together to form a first flow guiding device group in the transition region of the blade.|Wind turbine blade with plurality of longitudinally extending flow guiding device parts
09695801|A wind turbine having at least two blades mounted to a blade retainer and a load shaft connected to the blade retainer, such that movement of the blades due to wind causes rotation of the load shaft. The wind turbine includes a frame assembly surrounding the turbine assembly. The frame assembly includes a plurality of vanes to direct wind inside the frame assembly and towards the blades of the turbine assembly. The vanes have a half circle shaped leading edge pointing to an outside perimeter of the frame assembly. The half circle leading edge has two ends and the vanes have a side extending from each of the ends of the half circle that come together to form a trailing edge.|Wind turbine
09696130|Apparatuses, systems, and methods for garment property determination are disclosed. One or more movable portions of a mannequin are adjusted, thereby causing the mannequin to change from a first size to a second size. Signals are received from one or more sensors of the mannequin, and pressure readings applied to at least one location on an exterior surface of the mannequin are determined from the signals. Data that correlates at least a first pressure reading with the first size of the mannequin and that correlates at least a second pressure reading with the second size of the mannequin are stored.|Garment property determination using robotic mannequin
09696221|This invention relates to force/torque sensor and more particularly to multi-axis force/torque sensor and the methods of use for directly teaching a task to a mechatronic manipulator. The force/torque sensor has a casing, an outer frame forming part of or connected to the casing, an inner frame forming part of or connected to the casing, a compliant member connecting the outer frame to the inner frame, and one or more measurement elements mounted in the casing for measuring compliance of the compliant member when a force or torque is applied between the outer frame and the inner frame.|Force/torque sensor, apparatus and method for robot teaching and operation
09697170|A device supporting big data in a process plant includes an interface to a communications network, a cache configured to store data observed by the device, and a multi-processing element processor to cause the data to be cached and transmitted (e.g., streamed) for historization at a unitary, logical centralized data storage area. The data storage area stores multiple types of process control or plant data using a common format. The device time-stamps the cached data, and, in some cases, all data that is generated or created by or received at the device may be cached and/or streamed. The device may be a field device, a controller, an input/output device, a network management device, a user interface device, or a historian device, and the device may be a node of a network supporting big data in the process plant. Multiple devices in the network may support layered or leveled caching of data.|Collecting and delivering data to a big data machine in a process control system
09697461|In one embodiment, the present invention provides a method for interconnecting neurons in a neural network. At least one node among a first set of nodes is interconnected to at least one node among a second set of nodes, and nodes of the first and second set are arranged in a lattice. At least one node of the first set represents a sensory-motor modality of the neural network. At least one node of the second set is a union of at least two nodes of the first set. Each node in the lattice has an acyclic digraph comprising multiple vertices and directed edges. Each vertex represents a neuron population. Each directed edge comprises multiple synaptic connections. Vertices in different acyclic digraphs are interconnected using an acyclic bottom-up digraph. The bottom-up digraph has a corresponding acyclic top-down digraph. Vertices in the bottom-up digraph are interconnected to vertices in the top-down digraph.|Universal, online learning in multi-modal perception-action semilattices
09697470|A method is provided for determining one or more causes for variability in data. The method includes selecting a first range of a multivariate model output data on a user interface and employing a computing system, operatively coupled to the user interface, to determine one or more process data causing a variability of the multivariate model output data in the first range when compared to a second range of the multivariate model output data. At least some of the process data includes data derived from a physical measurement of a process variable.|Apparatus and method for integrating manual and automated techniques for automated correlation in data mining
09697471|A plant model management device according to one embodiment includes a generation unit and a combining unit. The generation unit receives a first set of prior probability distributions of a first set of automatic operation parameters. The first set of automatic operation parameters define a condition required for modeling a plant model that is a model based on data concerning a plant. The generation unit generates a first set of posterior probability distributions of the first set of automatic operation parameters and a first set of probabilistic plant models based on the first set of prior probability distributions. The first set of posterior probability distributions reflect compatibility with learning data that is past time-series data concerning a first explanatory variable and a first objective variable. The combining unit combines the first set of probabilistic plant models using the first set of posterior probability distributions to generate a first plant model.|Device and method for managing plant model
09697820|Systems and processes for performing unit-selection text-to-speech synthesis are provided. In one example process, a sequence of target units can represent a spoken pronunciation of text. A set of predicted acoustic model parameters of a second target unit can be determined using a set of acoustic features of a first candidate speech segment of a first target unit and a set of linguistic features of the second target unit. A likelihood score of the second candidate speech segment with respect to the first candidate speech segment can be determined using the set of predicted acoustic model parameters of the second target unit and a set of acoustic features of the second candidate speech segment of the second target unit. The second candidate speech segment can be selected for speech synthesis based on the determined likelihood score. Speech corresponding to the received text can be generated using the selected second candidate speech segment.|Unit-selection text-to-speech synthesis using concatenation-sensitive neural networks
09698641|An active segment of a wind turbine rotary electric machine is selectively and prismatically connectable to a tubular support of a rotary electric machine, extends between two opposite ends to form, together with other active segments, an annular active part about an axis of rotation, and has a laminated pack; at least one active member extending axially and fitted inside a seat of the laminated pack; and at least one heat exchange member located at one end to cool one end of the active member.|Active segment of a wind turbine rotary electric machine, rotary electric machine, and wind turbine
09698841|Systems, methods, apparatuses, and computer readable media are disclosed for associating a radio frequency identification tag with a participant. In one embodiment, a method is provided for associating an unassociated RF location tag with a participant. The method may include determining an unassociated RF location tag to be associated with the participant, receiving sensor derived data from one or more sensors, determining an identity of the particular participant using the sensor derived data, and associating the identity of the particular participant with the unassociated RF location tag.|Method and apparatus for associating radio frequency identification tags with participants
09699191|The disclosed computer-implemented method for controlling content for child browser users may include (1) identifying one or more indicators that a browser session user is a child, (2) calculating a session score indicating a likelihood that the browser session user is a child, (3) determining, based at least in part on the session score being above a threshold, that the browser session user is a child and therefore content controls should apply to a browser session of the child, and (4) initiating one or more content control actions. Various other methods, systems, and computer-readable media are also disclosed.|Systems and methods for controlling content for child browser users
09700971|A knee implant includes a femoral component having first and second femoral component surfaces. The first femoral component surface is for securing to a surgically prepared compartment of a distal end of a femur. The second femoral component surface is configured to replicate the femoral condyle. The knee implant further includes a tibial component having first and second tibial component surfaces. The first tibial component surface is for contacting a proximal surface of the tibia that is substantially uncut subchondral bone. At least a portion of the first tibial component surface is a mirror image of the proximal tibial surface. The second tibial component surface articulates with the second femoral component surface.|Implant device and method for manufacture
09701011|Systems and a method for robotic energy saving tool search. The systems and method include receiving inputs including one or more of robot information, tooling information, operation information, and position information. Using the information received, a list of tooling candidates of a robot required to complete one or more tasks for a complex operation and a task location for each of the one or more tasks in the complex operation is generated. Tooling candidate are then removed from the list of tooling candidates when the robot cannot reach every task location on a path required by the complex task. The path is adjusted to remove one or more collision events. The total energy consumption value for each remaining tooling candidate is calculated, and returning the tooling candidate with the lowest energy consumed.|Method for robotic energy saving tool search
09701020|Methods for minimizing redundancy of surface coverage of a workspace using a robotic device and a base station are presented, the methods including: creating a polar map of the workspace defined by a number of cells; creating a policy by dividing the workspace into a number of zones each defined by a portion of the number of cells and by ordering the number of zones for surface coverage; selecting a zone of the number of zones for surface coverage by the robotic device; creating a cell matrix of the portion of number of cells representing the selected zone; assigning the selected zone to the robotic device; covering the selected zone by the robotic device; reporting an actual zone coverage to the base station; updating a coverage matrix corresponding with the cell matrix of the selected zone to indicate coverage; and calculating a penalty.|Method and system for robotic surface coverage
09701070|In one embodiment, a stiffener may be formed by inserting a plurality of flexible mandrels into a channel of a tool having a three-dimensional contour, placing a vacuum bag over the flexible mandrels and the tool, with the mandrels disposed between the vacuum bag and the tool, and applying vacuum pressure between the vacuum bag and the tool. A hardening substance may be inserted into each of the plurality of flexible mandrels and then may be hardened while the plurality of mandrels are inserted in the one or more channels of the tool. Finally, the mandrels may be wrapped with a stiffener material with stiffeners being formed from the stiffener material.|Mandrel forming for discrete wing skin stiffeners
09701390|An assembly for an aircraft cabin of an aircraft, the aircraft having a fuselage with a plurality of external windows arranged at a pitch. The assembly having a window cone panel with an internal window, top and bottom edges defining a panel height, and side edges defining a panel width. First and second terminator components are disposed on either side of the window cone panel such that the first terminator component is on one side of the window cone panel and the second terminator component is on the other side of the window cone panel. A splice component is disposed on either side of the window cone panel between the window cone panel and one of the first and second terminator components. The splice component includes an index for adjusting an overall width of the assembly to align the internal window opening with the external window pitch.|Modular indexing for aircraft interior
09701391|An aircraft structure 101 comprising a skin panel 111, having an outer surface forming an external face of the structure, and an inner surface internal to the structure, the aircraft structure 101 also comprising a plurality of stringers 150 extending along a length of the inner surface of the skin panel, and an inner panel 112 spaced apart from the inner surface of the skin panel 111, so as to form an internal cavity adjacent to the skin panel, and wherein the stringers 150 are located within the cavity.|Aircraft structure comprising a skin panel
09701400|An aircraft comprising a first door and a second door, each being mobile between an open position and a closed position, and a maneuvering system. The maneuvering system includes an actuation mechanism, a first transmission chain configured to transmit the movements of the actuation mechanism to the first door, a second transmission chain configured to transmit the movements of the actuation mechanism to the second door. Such a maneuvering system uses a single actuation mechanism, which results in a simplification of the mechanism and a weight saving.|Aircraft comprising two landing gear doors and a maneuvering system intended to maneuver said doors
09701411|An evacuation slide comprises a sliding face having a top end portion adapted to be positioned adjacent to an exit of a region to be evacuated, and a bottom end portion adapted to be positioned adjacent to an escape route leading away from, and at a lower height, than the region. The sliding face, at the top end portion, comprises a flat porch section connected to an inclined section of the sliding face via a transition section. The sliding face has at least one of a first guidance marking placed in the flat porch section and having a shape and orientation adapted indicate a predefined evacuation direction in the inclined section of the sliding face and a second guidance marking placed in the transition section and having a shape and orientation adapted to indicate a separation between the flat porch section and the inclined section.|Evacuation slide with a guidance marking
09701420|Systems and methods are provided for task-based health data monitoring relating to aircraft components of aircraft within an aircraft fleet. One method includes identifying health data of an aircraft component for potential monitoring based upon a condition indicator provided by a health and usage monitoring system, establishing a Review Item for the health data of the aircraft component having an initial data review state of New Data, thereby creating a Review Task, generating images of the Review Item for display and receiving an indication to change the data review state of the Review Item from New Data to Watch Data, receiving new health data relating to the aircraft component from the health and usage monitoring system and automatically resetting the data review state of the Review Item from Watch Data to New Data responsive to the receipt of the new health data, thereby creating a new Review Task.|Task-based health data monitoring of aircraft components
09701421|A method for determining the position of a component in a high lift system of an aircraft, the high lift system comprising a central power control unit for providing rotational power by means of a transmission shaft; and actuator drive stations coupled with the power control unit and movable high lift surfaces. The method comprises the steps of acquiring a first rotational position of a first position pick-off unit mechanically coupled with the power control unit by means of a first gear having a first gear ratio, acquiring at least one second rotational position of at least one second position pick-off unit mechanically coupled with a driven element in at least one drive station, and determining the number of full rotations the first position pick-off unit has already accomplished between a neutral position and an intended maximum number of rotations.|Method for determining the position of a component in a high lift system of an aircraft, high lift system of an aircraft and aircraft
09701490|The problem of the lag time in picking and dropping mixed load products during a palletization process is solved by using a tool having i) a gripping member that can be partially closed in a first fast movement while it is moved by a robot towards a product and then closed onto the product in a second shorter movement and ii) a product abutting plate that is movable in unison with the tool in opposite direction thereof as the tool is moved by a robot towards and away the mixed load pallet.|Method and tool for palletizing mixed load products
09702300|Experimental and numerical investigations on an atmospheric diffusion oxy-combustion flame in a gas turbine model combustor are conducted. The combustor is fuelled with CH(sub)4CH4 and a mixture of CO(sub)2 and O(sub)2 as oxidizer. The stability of the oxy-combustion flame is affected when the operating percentage of oxygen in the oxidizer mixture is reduced below 25%. A new 3D reactor design is introduced for the substitution of ITM reactors into a gas turbine combustor. A new oxygen permeation equation model has been developed by fitting the experimental data available in the literature for a LSCF ion transport membrane. The monolith structure design ITM reactor is capable of delivering power ranging from 5 to 8 MWe based on cycle first law efficiency.|Applications of oxy-fuel combustion technology into gas turbine combustors and ion transport membrane reactors
09702301|A fuel circuit for an aviation turbine engine, the fuel circuit including: a main fuel line for feeding fuel to a combustion chamber of the engine and including a positive displacement pump; an auxiliary fuel line connected to the main fuel line at a junction situated downstream from the pump and serving to feed fuel to hydraulic actuators to control variable-geometry equipment of the engine, the auxiliary fuel line including electrohydraulic servo-valves upstream from each actuator; and a fuel pressure regulator valve arranged on the main fuel line downstream from the pump.|Fuel circuit for an aviation turbine engine, the circuit having a fuel pressure regulator valve
09702320|A pulse unit of a multi-pulse rocket motor has: a propellant in an internal-burning type shape or an internal-end-burning type shape that is loaded within a motor case; an igniter arranged at an end surface of the propellant; a barrier membrane arranged to cover a whole of an initial burning surface of the propellant and the igniter; a forward joint arranged at a forward end of the motor case; and a rearward joint arranged at a rearward end of the motor case. The forward joint is formed so as to be connectable with the rearward joint of another pulse unit. The rearward joint is formed so as to be connectable with the forward joint of yet another pulse unit.|Multi-pulse rocket motor and pulse unit thereof
09702340|A prime mover that is powered by the energy of a fluid is provided. Such a prime mover may include a first fairing, a second fairing spaced apart from the first fairing to define a gap therebetween and a blade assembly mounted on a shaft that extends between the first and second fairings. The first and second fairings each have a curved peripheral edge for directing a fluid into the gap. When the fluid flows into the gap it contacts the blade assembly to thereby rotate the blade assembly about an axis that is defined by the shaft. The prime mover may be mounted on a cell phone tower and used to generate electricity for powering components of the tower and/or for providing electricity to the power grid.|Prime mover
09702341|A segmented gear plate configured to be removably connected to a pitch bearing of a wind turbine has been described. The pitch bearing is present between a rotor hub and a plurality of blades. The pitch bearing axially pivots the plurality of blades between different pitch angles. The pitch bearing includes an inner bearing ring and an outer bearing ring rotatably interconnected to each other. The segmented gear plate is removably connected to at least one of the inner bearing ring or the outer bearing ring by at least one connecting element. The segmented gear plate having a plurality of gear teeth, the plurality of gear teeth configured to allow the rotation of a drive shaft of a motor to achieve different pitch angles.|Pitch bearing with a gear segment in a wind turbine
09702451|A planet-carrier for an epicyclic gearing having an annular structure, provided with a coupling portion for being connected to a rotating member or to a static structure in an angularly fixed manner, and a ring that is coaxial to the annular structure along a transmission axis and consists of a plurality of plate-shaped sectors and of a plurality of attachment sectors, alternating with one another about the transmission axis; the plate-shaped sectors lie on a plane orthogonal to the transmission axis and are fixed with respect to pairs of pins, which protrude in opposite directions from the plate-shaped sectors and are adapted to carry respective planet gears; each of the attachment sectors is fastened to the structure by a corresponding pair of arms, which converge with each other towards the ring and are elastically deformable so as to allow a relative movement between the ring and the structure under load.|Planet-carrier for an epicyclic gearing and epicyclic gearing provided with such a planet-carrier
09702630|A heat exchanger (2) comprising a duct (4) through which a first fluid (e.g. a coolant such as ram air) may flow, and one or more vanes (18) disposed within the duct (4) and configured to disrupt the flow of the first fluid through the duct (4). Each vane (18) comprises one or more flow channels (24) through which a second fluid (e.g. a fluid to be cooled, such as engine coolant) may flow so as to transfer heat between the first fluid flowing through the duct (4) and the second fluid flowing through the one or more flow channels (24). The flow channels (24) within the vanes (18) are separated from the duct (4) by a channel wall such that fluid cannot flow between the duct (4) and the flow channels (24).|Heat exchanger
09702680|Components for a perforation gun system are provided including combinations of components including a self-centralizing charge holder system and a bottom connector that can double as a spacer. Any number of spacers can be used with any number of holders for any desired specific metric or imperial shot density, phase and length gun system.|Perforation gun components and system
09703060|An automated, robotic patch-panel system in a highly compact form factor implementing Knots and Braids switching algorithms is disclosed. This system incorporates stacked layers of connector ports, each row of connector ports defining an arc with a radius of curvature, wherein the radius of curvature is substantially larger than the total height of the stacked layers. A synchronized gripper pair on a three axis actuation system is used to disconnect, weave and connect fibers arbitrarily across an array of dense connector ports on a curvilinear surface. Each row of connector ports is independently translatable by slight rotation to generate the proper relationship between surrounding fibers and the individual fiber undergoing the multi-step reconfiguration process.|Ultra-compact, software-defined fiber optic patch-panels
09703451|Image analysis systems components, devices, and methods are provided for viewing the image data stack in less time with less effort and less repetitive motions. The navigation device, for example, can include: (i) an indexing state selector for independently selecting a desired subset within the independently viewable subsets, the desired subset indexed for an efficient image selection with a single click of the indexing state selector; and, (ii) a scrolling state selector for scrolling through the desired subsest as a data series of the discrete images. And, a graphical user interface can be operably connected to the processor for viewing the plurality of sets of discrete sets of images. The systems, components, devices, and methods provided are solutions to the problem of providing rapid, efficient process for viewing a data-stack of images by implementing, for example, "point-free" steps and less repetitive motions.|Control system for governing and/or monitoring how an image data-stack is viewed
09703861|System and method for providing answers to questions based on any corpus of data implements a method that generates a number of candidate passages from the corpus that answer an input query, and finds the correct resulting answer by collecting supporting evidence from the multiple passages. By analyzing all retrieved passages and that passage's metadata in parallel, an output plurality of data structures is generated including candidate answers based upon the analyzing. Then, supporting passage retrieval operations are performed upon the set of candidate answers, and for each candidate answer, the data corpus is traversed to find those passages having candidate answer in addition to query terms. All candidate answers are automatically scored by a plurality of scoring modules, each producing a module score. The modules scores are processed to determine one or more query answers; and, a query response is generated based on the one or more query answers.|System and method for providing answers to questions
09703921|A system, method, and computer program product for determining whether a design for a circuit meets design specifications, to facilitate the provision of a manufacturable description of the circuit. A computer-operated circuit simulation tool reads the design for the circuit and a power specification, and selectively internally creates a network connection and inserts a corresponding connect module in the design, for at least one circuit block having an unsupported signal declared in the power specification. Typically such a circuit block will be an analog block, whether an original analog block or an analog representation of a digital block, and may involve electrical or wreal signal interactions. The simulation tool performs a mixed-signal simulation of the design. Embodiments tangibly output a verification determination from a comparison of the simulated design performance results and the design specifications in order to provide the manufacturable description of the circuit.|Naturally connecting mixed-signal power networks in mixed-signal simulations
09703940|A computing system such as a game console maintains and updates a biometric profile of a user. In one aspect, biometric data of the user is continuously obtained from a sensor such as an infrared and visible light camera, and used to update the biometric profile using a machine learning process. In another aspect, a user is prompted to confirm his or her identify when multiple users are detected at the same time and/or when the user is detected with a confidence level which is below a threshold. A real-time image of the user being identified can be displayed on a user interface with user images associated with one or more accounts. In another aspect, the biometric profile is managed by a shell on the computing system, where the shell makes the biometric profile available to any of a number of applications on the computing system.|Managed biometric identity
09704100|An information conversion method includes: first moving positions of a plurality of particles on a unit sphere according to a value of a probability density function, defining a positional vector of a particle on the unit sphere in a multidimensional space, as a normal vector of a hyperplane configured to divide a feature vector space, defining a predetermined evaluation function configured to evaluate the hyperplane, as the probability density function configured to indicate a probability of existence of a particle on the unit sphere, by a processor; and converting the feature vector to a binary string, considering a positional vector of the moved particle as a normal vector of the hyperplane, by the processor.|Authentication method, authentication device, and recording medium
09704390|There is provided a remote control system including a controlled device and a remote device. The controlled device has a light source and moves according to a control signal from the remote device. The remote device is adapted to be operated by a user and includes an image sensor. The remote device determines a moving direction of the controlled device according to an imaging position of the light source in the image captured by the image sensor and a pointing position of the user, and outputs the control signal.|Remote control system for pointing robot
09705371|The present invention provides a generator comprising winding arrangements, each winding arrangement comprising at least an inner coil and an outer coil constituting a concentric structure of coils. The inner coil is constituted by an inner conductor and the outer coil is constituted by an outer conductor, the inner and outer conductors being connected in series. The inner conductor, which is wound around a tooth, has a smaller electrical resistance per unit length than the outer conductor.|Generator
09705951|Method and systems for classifying and segmenting a file or a collection of media data are disclosed. According one aspect, each title in a library of titles are divided into a header and a plurality of segments. Furthermore, a library of titles is categorized into a first band and a second band, based on popularity. Titles in the first band are more popular and segments of the titles are distributed to all subscriber units. Titles in the second band are less popular and only a percentage of the segments of titles in the second band are distributed to each subscriber unit. In some embodiments, each subscriber unit has segments of approximately five percent of titles in the second band. The header of each title is distributed to each subscriber unit. When a subscriber unit requests a title, an instruction is made to a set of subscriber units that have segments of the title to distribute the segments to the requesting subscriber unit. Other embodiments are disclosed.|Method and apparatus for instant playback of a movie
09707660|Predictive modeling based focus error prediction method and system are disclosed. The method includes obtaining wafer geometry measurements of a plurality of training wafers and grouping the plurality of training wafers to provide at least one training group based on relative homogeneity of wafer geometry measurements among the plurality of training wafers. For each particular training group of the at least one training group, a predictive model is develop utilizing non-linear predictive modeling. The predictive model establishes correlations between wafer geometry parameters and focus error measurements obtained for each wafer within that particular training group, and the predictive model can be utilized to provide focus error prediction for an incoming wafer belonging to that particular training group.|Predictive wafer modeling based focus error prediction using correlations of wafers
09707680|Methods, apparatus, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for determining, based on a task to be performed by a robot and one or more attributes of an environment in which the robot is to perform the task, a suggested task-level movement parameter for application to movement of the robot while performing the task; providing output indicative of the suggested task-level movement parameter; receiving input indicative of user selection of the suggested task-level movement parameter or a user-defined task-level movement parameter; determining, based on the received input, an actual task-level movement parameter to be applied to movement of the robot while performing the task; and identifying, based on the actual task-level movement parameter, a plurality of component-level movement parameters to be applied to a plurality of motion primitives implemented by one or more operational components of the robot to perform the task.|Suggesting, selecting, and applying task-level movement parameters to implementation of robot motion primitives
09707681|Systems and a method for anti-collision management of two or more robots with at least partially overlapping robotic movements are provided. The systems and method include receiving inputs from two or more single robots performing robotic operations along a trajectory defining for each robot a single swept volume. Discretized subswept volumes are created between robotic path locations for each single robot according to one or more discretization criteria such that the operation of each single robot moving along the known trajectory is controlled to allow synchronized execution of robotic operations. Only overlapping discretized subswept volumes are considered for synchronization. This enables focusing only on the relevant collision-prone areas. Deadlocks may be prevented by a look-ahead behavior. Smart synchronization methodology allows optimizing cycle time.|Anti-collision management of overlapping robotic movements
09707701|A method and system for removing mortar from a plurality of joints between a plurality of masonry units in a masonry structure, incorporating a suspension work platform, a work tool, and an articulating arm system (500).|Method and system for mortar removal
09708030|An impact-energy tolerant method and structures for impact-energy absorption and penetration resistance are disclosed. A body comprising a body end, and a fiber band comprising supplemental attachment sites located between an inner wall and an outer wall of the body end.|Impact-energy tolerant method and structures
09708050|This stiffener is intended for a fuselage. It comprises a hollow section that can be trapezoidal, with a base attached to the fuselage or to the floor, high enough rising sides and a top side contributing to the rigidity and cohesion of the stiffener. A direct assembly with the fuselage is possible. The base is made of two edges provided one on the other or in front of the other. This rigid stiffener, in spite of its discontinuous section, can be manufactured by simple foldings of a planar metal sheet at the beginning.|Stiffener for an aircraft fuselage, method for manufacturing same, and aircraft fuselage equipped with such a stiffener
09708051|An aircraft interior component system includes an aircraft interior component, a first structure holder fastened to an element of the aircraft structure, and a first component holder fastened to the aircraft interior component. The first component holder is fastened to the aircraft interior component in a first region thereof which faces an aircraft cabin ceiling when the aircraft interior component is mounted in an aircraft. The first structure holder and the first component holder attach the aircraft interior component in a suspended manner to the element, such that a mounting gap is present, at least in a second region of the aircraft interior component facing an aircraft cabin floor when the aircraft interior component is mounted in an aircraft, between a rear side of the aircraft interior component and an aircraft component opposite the rear side of the aircraft interior component.|Aircraft interior component system and method for mounting an interior component system in an aircraft
09708060|Disclosed are embodiments of flow diverting lift elements which, when placed in the proper orientation and propelled through a fluid, produce a lift force with improved lift versus velocity performance. The flow diverting lift elements can produce lift for rotary lift devices such as aircraft. The flow diverting lift devices include an airfoil and a diversion wall extending from an upper surface of the airfoil. The airfoil can be an annular airfoil.|Flow diverting lift element
09708061|An aircrew ensemble comprising a garment (20, 21) for covering at least a part of a body of a wearer and an inflatable counter-pressure bladder (33, 41), carried by the garment (20, 21). The inflatable counter-pressure bladder (33, 41) is formed from a moisture permeable material allowing the passage therethrough of perspiration from the wearer's body.|Aircrew ensembles
09708070|A parachute includes a resistive body which is formed in a bag shape and receives air resistance, and two suspension lines, one end of each of which is connected to the resistive body and the other end of each of which can be connected to an object to be braked. The resistive body includes an opening through which air passes, a bottom part provided at an opposite side of the opening, and a side part provided extending toward a periphery of the opening from the bottom part while expanding. The side part includes a base part having an approximately constant height from the bottom part, and two tapered extension parts, each of which extends from the base part, while reducing a width thereof, to each of two ends as apexes located symmetrically with each other in the periphery of the opening.|Parachute
09708071|The invention proposes to protect a rear part of a floor of an aft fairing of a pylon of an aircraft bypass turbojet engine using a film of cool air formed of part of a bypass flow of the jet engine which is guided under the floor by two lateral wall portions of this fairing which have been profiled for this purpose. To do that, these two lateral wall portions delimit respective air passage spaces formed between a forward part of the floor and a jetpipe of the turbojet engine and which open laterally and towards the rear.|Aircraft propulsion system comprising an AFT pylon fairing with lateral walls that are profiled for injecting cool air along a thermal protection floor
09708080|A modular space vehicle chassis may facilitate convenient access to internal components of the space vehicle. Each module may be removable from the others such that each module may be worked on individually. Multiple panels of at least one of the modules may swing open or otherwise be removable, exposing large portions of the internal components of the space vehicle. Such chassis architectures may reduce the time required for and difficulty of performing maintenance or modifications, may allow multiple space vehicles to take advantage of a common chassis design, and may further allow for highly customizable space vehicles.|Space vehicle chassis
09708081|A radiator for a satellite intended for being placed in geostationary orbit around the earth in a tilted plane relative to the plane of the ecliptic, includes at least one panel having at least one radiative surface, and including: a mounting foot supporting the panel; and control and motor elements for pivoting the mounting foot about an axis of rotation tilted relative to the radiative surface which is perpendicular to a radiation axis, the radiation axis and the axis of rotation being tilted relative to one another by a non-zero working angle, corresponding to the tilt angle of the plane of the orbit of the satellite relative to the plane of the ecliptic, the working angle being fixed, such that for any rotation of the mounting foot about the axis of rotation owing to the control and motor elements, the radiative surface remains parallel to the plane of the ecliptic.|Radiator with reduced insolation for satellite and satellite provided with such a radiator
09708460|Mechanical strength of a composite material is enhanced by a simple process. In a composite material comprising a resin or a rubber and an oxide glass, the resin or the rubber is dispersed in the oxide glass, or the oxide glass is dispersed in the resin or the rubber, and the oxide glass is softened and fluidized by heating at or lower than a heat decomposition temperature of the resin or the rubber.|Composite material
09708970|A turbocharger for an engine includes a compressor impeller, a turbine wheel, a turbine housing, a cover, and a flow passage switching valve. The impeller is for compression of intake air. The wheel drives the impeller. The housing includes first and second exhaust scrolls independently of each other, and a flow passage switching hole. The first and second exhaust scrolls swirl exhaust gas which is discharged from the engine and blow the swirled exhaust gas toward the wheel. The hole guides exhaust gas into the second exhaust scroll. The cover is provided separately from the housing. The valve opens or closes the hole, and includes a movable part having a rotatable shaft and a valving element. The movable part is attached to the cover. The cover is press-fitted to the housing, so that the valve is attached to the turbocharger.|Housing for turbocharger
09708981|A device and method feeding turbomachines with lubricant, the turbomachine including a first set of bearings and a second set of bearings. Both the first and the second sets of bearings are fed with lubricant, and the second set of bearings operate at a temperature higher than the first set. The second set of bearings is fed with lubricant at a temperature higher than the first set.|Method and device for supplying a lubricant
09709030|Methods of manufacturing rotor blade components for a wind turbine and rotor blade components produced in accordance with such methods are disclosed. In one embodiment, the method generally includes providing a mold of the rotor blade component; coating at least a portion of an interior surface of the mold with an elastomeric material; inserting impletion material within the mold so as to at least partially reduce an open internal volume within the mold; inserting a foam material within the mold; and, removing the rotor blade component from the mold, wherein the elastomeric material forms a cover skin around at least a portion of the rotor blade component. In an alternative embodiment, the method includes providing at least one support member defining a profile for the rotor blade component on a mold surface; coating at least a portion of the support member with an elastomeric material; and, allowing the elastomeric material to cure on the mold surface so as to form the rotor blade component.|Methods of manufacturing rotor blade components for a wind turbine
09709031|Disclosed is a tilt-type rotation blade apparatus for vertical-type power generation. When a blade member is rotated in a backward direction to a wind direction, the blade member is tilted so that the blade plate is horizontal to the wind direction, thereby applying only the forward rotational force to the vertical power shaft, so that the wind power generation efficiency is maximized. A tilt structure is improved to smoothly perform a tilt operation and the structure of the blade member is improved so that the blade member is rotated in a vertical direction to the ground surface, thereby efficiently generating wind power without the limitation of an installation space.|Tilt-type rotor blade apparatus for vertical type wind power generation
09709990|A system and method for navigating a mobile automated system through obstacles is disclosed. The system includes a communication module, an estimation module, a density module, a vector module, a navigating module and a command module. The communication module receives image sensor data from one or more sensors. The estimation module estimates one or more obstacle parameters. The density module determines a left obstacle image density and a right obstacle image density for a path from a start point to a navigating destination based on the one or more obstacle parameters. The vector module generates a vector model to determine a navigating direction based on the left obstacle image density and the right obstacle image density. The navigating module determines a navigating velocity for navigating the mobile automated system to the navigating destination. The command module generates one or more navigating commands based on the navigating velocity.|Autonomous navigation through obstacles
09710710|A system for localizing an autonomous vehicle to a target area can include a position indicator adapted for association with the vehicle in a three dimensional configuration, a detection device configured to detect the position indicator, a computation device configured to compute a position of the vehicle based on the detected position indicator and the relationship of the configuration to the vehicle orientation, a transmitter configured to receive information from the computation device and produce a signal carrying the information, a receiver configured to receive the signal from the transmitter and filter the information therefrom, and a control system configured for association with and control of one or more directional control components of the vehicle, the control being based on the information received from the receiver relating to localizing the vehicle to the target area. A method of for localizing a vehicle to a target area is also disclosed.|System and method for autonomous vehicle control
09710750|In an embodiment, a technique for analyzing a model, either statically or dynamically, to check the model for one or more specified patterns with respect to accessing a data store associated with the model. The patterns may include, for example, writing to a data store prior to reading the data store, reading the data store prior to writing the data store, writing to the data store multiple times prior to reading the data store, reading the data store multiple times before writing the data store, etc. The model may be an executable graphical model that is generated in a graphical modeling environment. A result may be generated based on the analyzing. The result may be output.|Proving latency associated with references to a data store
09710751|Embodiments relate to performing an ensemble model based prediction for a set of input data records. An aspect includes creating an assignment table assigning all data records in the input data set to a root node of a tree. Another aspect includes splitting the assignment tables into disjoint sub-tables. Another aspect includes storing each of the sub-tables to a respective data slice. Another aspect includes designating root nodes of each of the plurality of trees as a set of current nodes. Another aspect includes evaluating split conditions of each identified current node based on data records that are assigned to the current node; re-assigning said input data records to one or more child-nodes; using the child nodes of all current nodes as the set of current nodes; and calculating a prediction result from the assignment of data records to the leaf nodes of each of a plurality of trees.|Parallel tree based prediction
09710760|A system and method for constructing a hierarchical multi-faceted classification structure includes organizing a plurality of visual categories into a multi-relational reference ontology that accounts for a plurality of different types of relationships. Media artifacts are categorized into the plurality of visual categories. The categories of artifacts are refined based on faceted ontology relationships or constraints from the multi-relational reference ontology. The multi-relational reference ontology and the one or more media artifacts with relationships are stored as the hierarchical multi-faceted classification structure in computer readable memory storage.|Multi-facet classification scheme for cataloging of information artifacts
09710761|A computer-implemented process for detecting and predicting events occurring to a person, includes: observing, using a sensor, a reading of a parameter of a body part of the person which is one of: horizontal location, vertical height, orientation, velocity, and time of observation, wherein the reading corresponds to less information than needed to define the person's posture; receiving the reading into a computer memory; determining from the received reading a pattern of behavior; detecting a change in behavior; identifying from the change in behavior a combination of one or more readings corresponding to an abnormal event; and producing an alert signal when the combination of one or more readings corresponding to the abnormal event is identified. The process may be practiced using a computing machine including a computer memory; a sensor; and a computer processor.|Method and apparatus for detection and prediction of events based on changes in behavior
09710910|There is provided an image registration device and an image registration method. The device includes: a feature extractor configured to extract, from a first image, a first feature group and to extract, from a second image, a second feature group; a feature converter configured to convert, using a converted neural network in which a correlation between features is learned, the extracted second feature group to correspond to the extracted first feature group, to obtain a converted group; and a register configured to register the first image and the second image based on the converted group and the extracted first feature group.|Image registration device, image registration method, and ultrasonic diagnosis apparatus having image registration device
09710921|Systems and methods are described herein for tracking an elongate instrument or other medical instrument in an image.|System and methods for tracking robotically controlled medical instruments
09712011|A stator of an electrical machine includes a stator core having a plurality of stator teeth and stator slots, and a stator winding having a plurality of stator coils. The width of each stator coil is one stator slot pitch, and the stator teeth are shaped to allow each stator coil to be installed by pushing the stator coil to surround one of the stator teeth. The stator coils include tubular cooling channels for conducting cooling liquid in the stator slots.|Electric machine with modular stator coils and cooling tubes
09712180|An angle encoder has first and second components rotatable with respect to each other, and an encoder pattern having codewords for indicating the angle between the first and second components. The encoder pattern has a set of base encoder channels coded with a conventional Gray code, and a set of Booster channels for improving the resolution of angle measurement.|Angle encoder and a method of measuring an angle using same
09712550|Systems and methods are disclosed for generating term frequencies of known terms based on crowdsourced differentially private sketches of the known terms. An asset catalog can be updated with new frequency counts for known terms based on the crowdsourced differentially private sketches. Known terms can have a classification. A client device can maintain a privacy budget for each classification of known terms. Classifications can include emojis, deep links, locations, finance terms, and health terms, etc. A privacy budget ensures that a client does not transmit too much information to a term frequency server, thereby compromising the privacy of the client device.|Emoji frequency detection and deep link frequency
09713500|Disclosed herein is a surgical robot control apparatus, in which a control stick member is connected to an upper surface of a base member, pivots and rotates around a connection portion, and is provided with a rotary button control member, a mode switching button member, and a control member which can be operated with the thumb. Thus, the surgical robot control apparatus can realize multiple functions. A surgeon can grasp the control stick member to easily control operation of a surgical robot and can perform other work using the other hand. Thereby, when performing surgery, the surgical robot control apparatus remarkably reduces the fatigue of the surgeon, thereby providing a surgical environment that is convenient and safe; and which provides maximized efficiency. Further, the surgical robot control apparatus can increase the safety of a patient using a safety device based on a buttons, software, and hardware while performing surgery.|Surgical robot control apparatus
09713870|A method for locating a first vehicle component relative to a second vehicle component includes the following steps: (a) moving the robotic arm to a first position such that a form feature of the first vehicle component is within a field of view of a camera; (b) capturing an image the form feature of the first vehicle component; (c) moving the robotic arm to a second position such that the form feature of the second vehicle component is within the field of view of the camera; (d) capturing an image of the form feature of the second vehicle component; (e) picking up the second vehicle component using the robotic arm; and (f) moving the robotic arm along with the second vehicle component toward the first vehicle component.|System and method for locating vehicle components relative to each other
09713871|Concepts and technologies are described herein for providing enhanced configuration and control of robots. Configurations disclosed herein augment a mobile computing device, such as a robot, with resources for understanding and navigation of an environment surrounding the computing device. The resources can include sensors of a separate computing device, which may be in the form of a head-mounted display. Data produced by the resources can be used to generate instructions for the mobile computing device. The sensors of the separate computing device can also detect a change in an environment or a conflict in the actions of the mobile computing device, and dynamically modify the generated instructions. By the use of the techniques disclosed herein, a simple, low-cost robot can understand and navigate through a complex environment and appropriately interact with obstacles and other objects.|Enhanced configuration and control of robots
09714080|An aircraft including a wing, the end of the wing having a wing tip device, wherein the wing tip device includes a moveable region that is rotatable, about an axis of rotation extending out of the plane of the wing tip device, between: (i) a high-altitude cruise configuration in which the moveable region extends downwardly below the wing; and (ii) a ground-operating configuration in which the moveable region extends rearwardly behind the wing such that the ground clearance of the wing tip device is increased.|Wing tip device having configurations for flight and ground-based operations
09714081|A computer-implemented method includes determining via a processor in an avionics system that a personal electronic device is in communication with the avionics system, and establishing a limitation on the functionality of the personal electronic device with respect to the avionics system via the processor.|System and method for avionics integrity and protection
09714090|An aircraft for vertical take-off and landing includes an aircraft assembly which includes at least one first wing portion providing a lift force during a horizontal flight, at least one wing opening disposed on a vertical axis of the at least one first wing portion and at least one propeller-based thruster positioned inside the at least one wing opening to provide vertical thrust during a vertical flight. The aircraft assembly can further include air vents positioned inside at least one of the wing openings. The air vents can further include louvres positioned over or under the air vents to open and close the wing openings. The thruster can further be used to provide flight control for the aircraft.|Aircraft for vertical take-off and landing
09714091|The herein invention is presenting a lift generating method based on a semi-open fluid jet flowing in a closed circuit around a lifting airfoil. A VTOL aircraft with maximized payload room and car-like shape is the preferred embodiment of the invention. The herein aircraft uses no wings, exposed propellers, hot gas jets or other high injury risk means for propulsion and lift, and it can be driven by ordinary skilled people. Furthermore the aircraft has a small footprint and can land, take off and even cruise on water in one of the preferred embodiments.|Semi-open fluid jet VTOL aircraft
09714101|An orbital debris interception vehicle includes a satellite bus and a debris interception module releasably coupled to the satellite bus. The debris interception module includes a debris impact pad, such as a pancake-shaped Whipple shield. A plurality of such vehicles can be deployed into an equatorial orbit and maneuvered to intercept orbital debris as it passes through the equatorial plane. In particular, the satellite bus can release the debris interception module before an intercept and reconnect to it after the intercept.|Apparatus and methods for orbital debris removal
09714610|An air-oil cooler (AOC) for a gas turbine engine is disclosed. The AOC may comprise an oil inlet, an oil outlet, and heat exchange elements between the oil inlet and the oil outlet. The AOC may be longitudinally positioned between a fan and a V-groove of the engine and radially spaced between a low pressure compressor and a low pressure compressor panel. A gas turbine engine comprising an AOC is disclosed. The AOC of the engine may comprise an oil inlet, an oil outlet, and heat exchange elements between the oil inlet and the oil outlet. The AOC of the engine may be longitudinally positioned between a fan and a V-groove of the engine and radially spaced between a low pressure compressor and a low pressure compressor panel. A method of operating an AOC for use on a gas turbine engine is also disclosed.|Low profile compressor bleed air-oil coolers
09714611|A heat shield manifold system for an inner casing between a compressor and turbine assembly is disclosed. The heat shield manifold system protects the outer case from high temperature compressor discharge air, thereby enabling the outer case extending between a compressor and a turbine assembly to be formed from less expensive materials than otherwise would be required. In addition, the heat shield manifold system may be configured such that compressor bleed air is passed from the compressor into the heat shield manifold system without passing through a conventional flange to flange joint that is susceptible to leakage.|Heat shield manifold system for a midframe case of a gas turbine engine
09714640|A wind turbine shaft includes tubes that are centered on a longitudinal axis, coupled to rotate together about the axis, and movable telescopically along the axis between a retracted condition and an extended condition. A mounting structure is configured to mount wind turbine vanes on the tubular structure when the tubes are in the extended condition. A generator has a pair of parts including a rotor and a stator, and is configured for coupling with the tubular structure for one of the parts to rotate about the axis with the tubular structure while the other part is stationary.|Wind turbine apparatus
09714641|A wind power turbine configured to produce and feed electric energy to an electric power grid; the wind power turbine having: a blade assembly; at least one electric machine connected to the blade assembly to generate electric energy, and having a rotor, and a stator divided into a quantity or number of stator subsystems; and an electric transmission system configured to connect the quantity or number of stator subsystems to the electric power grid, and having an electric transmission assembly for, and connected to, each stator subsystem. The wind power turbine being characterized by having a control device connected to, and configured to receive malfunction signals from, the electric transmission assemblies, and configured to define an individual target torque reference value on the basis of the malfunction signals from the electric transmission assemblies, so as to reduce discontinuity in the torque of the rotor.|Wind power turbine for generating electric energy
09714701|An elastic bushing which has novel damping by corresponding design measures and devices in order to eliminate, or greatly reduce, undesired vibrations in planetary bearings, particularly for planet gears for planetary gearboxes. This invention also relates, in particular, to the use of bushings, planet gears or planetary gearboxes of this type in machine parts and installations which transmit only low or no moments such, for example, wind turbines.|Elastic bushing for planetary bearings
09715000|A system for use in identifying one of an unmanned ground vehicle and an unmanned aerial vehicle includes a signal emitter associated with the unmanned vehicle. The signal emitter includes at least one quantum cascade laser. The signal emitter emits a signal having a wavelength between approximately 2 µm and approximately 30 µm, and the signal is detectable to identify the unmanned vehicle as friendly at a distance from the signal emitter greater than approximately 1 meter.|System and method for friend or foe identification
09715641|A highlight learning technique is provided to detect and identify highlights in sports videos. A set of event models are calculated from low-level frame information of the sports videos to identify recurring events within the videos. The event models are used to characterize videos by detecting events within the videos and using the detected events to generate an event vector. The event vector is used to train a classifier to identify the videos as highlight or non-highlight.|Learning highlights using event detection
09715660|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for training a deep neural network. One of the methods includes training a deep neural network with a first training set by adjusting values for each of a plurality of weights included in the neural network, and training the deep neural network to determine a probability that data received by the deep neural network has features similar to key features of one or more keywords or key phrases, the training comprising providing the deep neural network with a second training set and adjusting the values for a first subset of the plurality of weights, wherein the second training set includes data representing the key features of the one or more keywords or key phrases.|Transfer learning for deep neural network based hotword detection
09715661|According to a first aspect, the invention relates to a tool for modelling, instantiating and/or executing a Bayesian agent in an application. The tool comprises a modelling module which is adapted to enable a user to determine a template for the Bayesian agent. The template comprises a Bayesian network, which comprises nodes and/or node-level meta-data. The node-level meta-data at least defines node behavior and/or an association of a node with a software defined sensor and/or one or more software defined actuators. Also the template comprises template-level metadata at least defining lifecycle properties for the Bayesian agent. The template is suitable to be instantiated and executed as the Bayesian agent instance.|Tool for modelling, instantiating and/or executing a bayesian agent in an application
09715730|The three-dimensional measurement apparatus includes: a base camera for capturing a workpiece to acquire a first image; a reference camera for capturing the workpiece from a view point different from the base camera to acquire a second image; and a camera control unit for extracting multiple edge lines from the first and second images, calculating line-of-sight errors with respect to provisional three-dimensional coordinates, wherein the line-of-sight errors are calculated at an endpoint of a first edge line selected from the multiple edge lines of the first image and an endpoint of a second edge line extracted from the multiple edge lines of the second image to correspond to the first edge line, setting an evaluation function from the line-of-sight errors, and a three-dimensional constraint condition set based on a shape of the workpiece, and making an optimization calculation of the evaluation function to measure the three-dimensional coordinates of the workpiece.|Three-dimensional measurement apparatus and robot system
09715831|A permanent wireless onboard to ground operations communications system is provided for an aircraft equipped with a pilot-controllable drive wheel drive system for autonomous ground movement without reliance on the aircraft's engines or external tow vehicles, including an onboard wireless communications link installed to remain permanently with the aircraft designed to interface wirelessly with ground personnel at any airport, aerodrome, or airfield where the aircraft lands immediately upon landing. The permanent wireless onboard to ground operations communications system provides a substantially instantaneous connection between a pilot and ground personnel to facilitate guidance of pilot-controlled autonomous ground movement during taxi, parking in nose-in and parallel orientations, and pushback without reliance on visual signals. The present communications system establishes and maintains cockpit to ground communications during pilot-controlled autonomous aircraft ground movement to enhance the safety of ramp operations and improve the speed at which ramp operations can be safely conducted.|Permanent wireless communications system for an aircraft equipped with a wheel drive system
09715870|A method for generating a musical composition based on user input is described. A first set of musical characteristics is extracted from a first input musical piece. The first set of music characteristics is prepared as an input vector into an unsupervised neural net comprised of a plurality of computing layers by perturbing the first set of musical characteristics according to a user intent expressed in the user input to create a perturbed vector. The perturbed vector is input into the first set of nodes of the unsupervised neural net. The unsupervised neural net is operated to calculate an output vector from a highest set of nodes. The output vector is used to create an output musical piece.|Cognitive music engine using unsupervised learning
09717480|In order to verify a surgical operation image matching, a model of a target is manufactured. Then, a reference body is attached to the model. Then, three-dimensional reference data regarding to the model is obtained. Then, grid patterned light is emitted onto the model to obtain reflection image. Then, three-dimensional shape is measured from the reflection image, and measurement image is obtained from the three-dimensional shape. Then, the measurement image and previously obtained three-dimensional reference data are matched. Then, reference position of the target in the three-dimensional reference data is compared with estimated position of the target, which is estimated by the reference body in the measurement image. Therefore, the matching of the surgical operation can be verified.|Method of verifying a surgical operation image matching and method of compensating a surgical operation image matching
09718190|An endoscope captures images of a surgical site for display in a viewing area of a monitor. When a tool is outside the viewing area, a GUI indicates the position of the tool by positioning a symbol in a boundary area around the viewing area so as to indicate the tool position. The distance of the out-of-view tool from the viewing area may be indicated by the size, color, brightness, or blinking or oscillation frequency of the symbol. A distance number may also be displayed on the symbol. The orientation of the shaft or end effector of the tool may be indicated by an orientation indicator superimposed over the symbol, or by the orientation of the symbol itself. When the tool is inside the viewing area, but occluded by an object, the GUI superimposes a ghost tool at its current position and orientation over the occluding object.|Tool position and identification indicator displayed in a boundary area of a computer display screen
09718531|A drain for expelling fluids from an interior of an aircraft to an exterior of the aircraft, the drain including a drain tube disposed at the interior of the aircraft having a first end disposed in fluid communication with an aircraft equipment to be drained and an opposite second end, wherein the drain tube terminates at the second end at a location within the interior of the aircraft, a seal which extends between the second end of the drain tube and an outer skin of the aircraft, delimiting a drainage cavity, and a drainage pathway extending from the cavity through the outer skin to the exterior of the aircraft.|Aircraft drainage system
09718540|An aircraft landing gear arrangement comprises a nose landing gear assembly and at least one main landing gear assembly. The nose landing gear assembly has a nose landing gear wheel with a high energy brake apparatus therein. The main landing gear assembly has a main landing gear wheel with a high energy brake apparatus therein and a main landing gear wheel with a motor therein. The motor is used for driving the main landing wheel during taxiing of the aircraft.|Aircraft landing gear arrangement and a nose landing gear assembly
09718550|A seat arrangement of a passenger cabin includes at least two seat groups. The at least two seat groups are arranged consecutively between two passenger aisles running parallel to a longitudinal direction of the passenger cabin and each have two outer seat units and just one central seat unit. The seat units are set in a seating configuration. A central seat unit of at least one of the at least two seat groups is arranged offset with respect to at least one of the outer seat units of the same seat group in the longitudinal direction of the passenger cabin, as a result of which each seat unit has obstacle-free access to at least one cabin aisle.|Seat arrangement of a passenger cabin
09718551|A storage assembly includes a housing with an opening manifold on an outer surface of the housing. The opening manifold is capable of receiving a cord. A first end of the cord is connected to an electrical outlet disposed within the housing. The opening manifold includes a first aperture and a second aperture. The first aperture extends across a first plane. The second aperture extends across a second plane positioned substantially orthogonal to the first plane.|Frontal entry phone cord funnel
09719420|A process of producing a ceramic matrix composite gas turbine component and a ceramic matrix composite gas turbine component are provided. The process includes modifying a surface of the ceramic matrix composite gas turbine component to produce a modified surface with a surface roughness of less than 6 micrometers. The modifying is selected from the group of techniques consisting of applying unreinforced matrix plies to the surface, vapor depositing silicon on the surface, honing the surface, applying braze paste to the surface, and combinations thereof. The component includes a modified surface including a surface roughness of less than 6 micrometers. The modified surface being selected from the group consisting of unreinforced matrix plies applied to a surface of the ceramic matrix composite gas turbine component, silicon vapor deposited on the surface, a honed surface, a braze paste applied to the surface, and combinations thereof.|Gas turbine component and process for producing gas turbine component
09719490|A wind turbine blade has an upper shell member and a lower shell member bonded at a leading and trailing edge of the blade with a bond paste applied between respective forward and rearward edges of the shell members. At least one of the shell members includes a first inspection window defined therein along one of the leading edge or trailing edge at a location corresponding at least to a design minimum bond width of the bond paste applied at the respective leading edge or trailing edge. The inspection window provides a visible access through the shell member such that a visible indication is generated through the inspection window when bond paste is injected and reaches the minimum bond width location in the chord-wise direction.|Wind turbine blade with bond paste inspection window and associated method
09719491|Systems and methods for increasing operational efficiency of wind turbines, especially offshore wind turbines. The invention discloses systems and methods for reducing the torque needed to rotate a rotor shaft axis with respect to the wind direction. Systems and methods for controlling the rotational speed of the rotor shaft axis are also disclosed.|Systems for minimizing yaw torque needed to control power output in two-bladed, teetering hinge wind turbines that control power output by yawing
09720040|Disclosed herein are exemplary methods, apparatus, and systems for performing timing-aware automatic test pattern generation (ATPG) that can be used, for example, to improve the quality of a test set generated for detecting delay defects or holding time defects. In certain embodiments, timing information derived from various sources (e.g. from Standard Delay Format (SDF) files) is integrated into an ATPG tool. The timing information can be used to guide the test generator to detect the faults through certain paths (e.g., paths having a selected length, or range of lengths, such as the longest or shortest paths). To avoid propagating the faults through similar paths repeatedly, a weighted random method can be used to improve the path coverage during test generation. Experimental results show that significant test quality improvement can be achieved when applying embodiments of timing-aware ATPG to industrial designs.|Timing-aware test generation and fault simulation
09720570|The technology disclosed relates to identification of future activity options. In particular, it relates to identifying future activity options that are similar to a selected future activity, similar to past activities, that meet descriptive language criteria, that form compatible sequences of activities, or that form compatible multi-day sequences of activities. The technology disclosed also relates to rapid and convenient sorting through activity options.|Dynamic sorting and inference using gesture based machine learning
09720901|A method for an automated text-evaluation service, and more particularly a method and apparatus for automatically evaluating text and returning a score which represents a degree of inappropriate language. The method is implemented in a computer infrastructure having computer executable code tangibly embodied in a computer readable storage medium having programming instructions. The programming instructions are configured to: receive an input text which comprises an unstructured message at a first computing device; process the input text according to a string-structure similarity measure which compares each word of the input text to a predefined dictionary to indicate whether there is similarity in meaning, and generate an evaluation score for each word of the input text and send the evaluation score to another computing device. The evaluation score for each input message is based on the string-structure similarity measure between each word of the input text and the predefined dictionary.|Automated text-evaluation of user generated text
09720971|Provided are a method, system, and article of manufacture for discovering transformations applied to a source table to generate a target table. Selection is made of a source table comprising a plurality of rows and a target table resulting from a transformation applied to the rows of the source table. A first pre-processing method is applied with respect to columns in the source and target tables to produce first category pre-processing output. The first category pre-processing output is used to determine first category transformation rules with respect to at least one source table column and at least one target table column. For each unpredicted target column in the target table not predicted by the determined first category transformation rules, a second pre-processing method is applied to columns in the source table and unpredicted target columns to produce second category pre-processing output. The second category pre-processing output is used to determine second category transformation rules with respect to at least one source table column and at least one target table column.|Discovering transformations applied to a source table to generate a target table
09720981|A mechanism is provided in a data processing system for question answering using multi-instance learning. The mechanism trains an answer ranking multi-instance learned model using a ground truth question and answer-key pairs set. When used for answering questions, the mechanism receives an input question from a user and generates one or more candidate answers to the input question. Each of the one or more candidate answers has an associated set of supporting passages. The mechanism determines a confidence value for each of the one or more candidate answers using an answer ranking multi-instance learned model based on the sets of supporting passages. The mechanism ranks the one or more candidate answers by confidence value to form a ranked set of answers, classifies supporting passages to identify the ones which truly support the answer, and presents a final answer from the ranked set of answers, the confidence value for the final answer, and supporting evidence for the final answer to the user.|Multiple instance machine learning for question answering systems
09721190|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for classification using a neural network. One of the methods for processing an input through each of multiple layers of a neural network to generate an output, wherein each of the multiple layers of the neural network includes a respective multiple nodes includes for a particular layer of the multiple layers: receiving, by a classification system, an activation vector as input for the particular layer, selecting one or more nodes in the particular layer using the activation vector and a hash table that maps numeric values to nodes in the particular layer, and processing the activation vector using the selected nodes to generate an output for the particular layer.|Large-scale classification in neural networks using hashing
09721210|An apparatus comprising a power source, one or more sensors, a transceiver, and a memory. The power source may be configured to store energy to power the apparatus. The one or more sensors may be configured to receive captured data from one of a plurality of sources. The transceiver may be configured to send and receive data to and from a wireless network. The processor may be configured to execute computer readable instructions. The memory may be configured to store a set of instructions executable by the processor. The instructions may be configured to (A) evaluate an expected power usage budget calculated using a predictive model of future energy consumption and (B) (i) store the captured data in the memory in a first mode and (ii) transmit the captured data to a remote storage device in a second mode. The first mode or the second mode is selected based on characteristics of the captured data received from the sensors.|Predictive power management in a wireless sensor network
09721211|A method and apparatus for processing data, the data including a set of one or more system inputs; and a set of one or more system outputs; wherein each system output corresponds to a respective system input. Each system input can include a plurality of data points, such that at least one of these data points is from a different data source to at least one other of those data points. The method includes performing a kernel function on a given system input from the data and a further system input to provide kernelized data; and inferring a value indicative of a significance of data from a particular data source; wherein the inferring includes applying a regression technique to the kernelized data.|System and method for sensor data processing to determine position of a vehicle
09721551|Automated music composition and generation machine, systems and methods, and architectures that allow anyone, without possessing any knowledge of music theory or practice, or expertise in music or other creative endeavors, to instantly create unique and professional-quality music, synchronized to any kind of media content, including, but not limited to, video, photography, slideshows, and any pre-existing audio format, as well as any object, entity, and/or event, wherein the system user only requires knowledge of ones own emotions and/or artistic concepts which are to be expressed in a piece of music that will ultimately composed by the automated composition and generation system of the present invention.|Machines, systems, processes for automated music composition and generation employing linguistic and/or graphical icon based musical experience descriptions
09721561|In a speech recognition system, deep neural networks (DNNs) are employed in phoneme recognition. While DNNs typically provide better phoneme recognition performance than other techniques, such as Gaussian mixture models (GMM), adapting a DNN to a particular speaker is a real challenge. According to at least one example embodiment, speech data and corresponding speaker data are both applied as input to a DNN. In response, the DNN generates a prediction of a phoneme based on the input speech data and the corresponding speaker data. The speaker data may be generated from the corresponding speech data.|Method and apparatus for speech recognition using neural networks with speaker adaptation
09722520|A method for controlling a variable speed wind turbine generator is disclosed. The generator is connected to a power converter comprising switches. The generator comprises a stator and a set of terminals connected to the stator and to the switches of the power converter. The method comprises: determining a stator flux reference value corresponding to a generator power of a desired magnitude, determining an estimated stator flux value corresponding to an actual generator power, determining a difference between the determined stator flux reference value and the estimated stator flux value, and operating said switches in correspondence to the determined stator flux reference value and the estimated stator flux value to adapt at least one stator electrical quantity to obtain said desired generator power magnitude.|Direct power and stator flux vector control of a generator for wind energy conversion system
09722640|A method and system for determining position and/or pose of an object. A robotic device moves throughout an environment and includes a master transceiver tag and, optionally, additional tags. The environment includes a plurality of anchor nodes that are configured to form a network. A master anchor node is in communication with at least a portion of the plurality of anchor nodes and is configured to transmit a ranging message as a UWB signal, receive a ranging message response from each other anchor node in the network, generate a reference grid representing physical locations of the plurality of anchor nodes within the network based upon the received ranging message responses, and distribute the reference grid to each of the other anchor nodes. The master transceiver tag receives the reference grid information and, based upon further calculations, determines a specific position and pose of the robotic device within the environment.|Method and system for determining precise robotic position and orientation using near-simultaneous radio frequency measurements
09723151|A system and method for routing interactions to contact center agents. The system is adapted to concurrently identify a plurality of interactions waiting to be routed, and identify a plurality of candidate agents viable for handling the plurality of interactions. The system is also adapted to calculate a predicted wait time associated with each of the candidate agents. For each agent of the plurality of candidate agents, the system is adapted to estimate an expected value to be obtained by routing each of the plurality of the interaction to the agent. The expected value is a function of the predicted wait time. The system is further adapted to assign each of the plurality of the interactions to one of the plurality of candidate agents based on the estimated reward, and signal a routing device for routing each of the plurality of the interactions to the agent assigned to the interaction.|Optimized routing of interactions to contact center agents based on forecast agent availability and customer patience
09723450|A system to infer place data is disclosed that receives location data collected on a user's mobile electronic device, recognizes when, where and for how long the user makes stops, generates possible places visited, and predicts the likelihood of a user to visit those places.|Inference pipeline system and method
09723831|The present invention relaters to a system and methods for automated vitrification of mammalian oocytes or embryos. The system and methods enable automated processing of oocytes or embryos in vitrification solutions; robotically moving vitrification devices that carry processed cells for freezing in liquid nitrogen; automated sealing of the frozen devices; and transferring the sealed devices to an automated storage system for long-term cryopreservation.|System and methods for automated vitrification of biological materials
09724801|A deburring device includes a deburring tool for removing burrs from an object, a robot for moving an object or the tool, a force sensor for detecting force acting on the tool, and a visual sensor for detecting a position of a burr portion of the object. According to the deburring device, information regarding shape data of the burr portion and a posture of the tool is obtained beforehand based on three-dimensional data of the object. Based on the shape data and the posture of the tool, a robot program is created. In accordance with an actual burr portion detected by the visual sensor, the robot program is replaced as necessary. During the deburring, the robot is controlled according to the force control by using a detected value from the force sensor.|Deburring device including visual sensor and force sensor
09724830|A manually actuated robotic tool changer comprises master and tool units, each adapted to be connected to a different one of a robotic arm and a robotic tool. The tool changer includes a plurality of rolling members retained in one of the units and a piston mounted in one of the units and moveable in an axial direction. The piston includes a multi-faceted cam surface including an initial contact surface, a locking surface, and a failsafe surface interposed between the initial contact surface and the locking surface. When the piston is in a locked position in the tool changer, the cam surface is operative to contact the rolling members in one of the units and to urge each rolling member against a surface of the other unit to couple the master and tool units together.|Manual robotic tool changer with rolling members
09724831|A robotic gripper mechanism has a housing, a gripper arm and a retention projection. The gripper arm extends from the housing. The gripper arm has a gripper finger provided at a distal end thereof. The retention projection is provided on the housing and cooperates with the gripper arm to exert a retention force on the gripper arm. Wherein when an external force is applied to the gripper finger in a direction which is parallel to a longitudinal axis of the housing, the gripper arm will move relative to the housing if the external force is greater than the retention force.|Robotic gripper mechanism
09725160|A flow body and method for taking in and/or blowing out fluid through a plurality of openings in a flow surface section of a flow body is disclosed. In some aspects, the flow body includes a flow surface section that extends in a flow body wingspan direction and a flow body chord direction and with a plurality of fluid lines that lead into the flow surface section and respectively form an opening therein. In some aspects, the method includes taking in and/or blowing out fluid through at least one fluid line that leads into a flow surface section of a flow body and respectively forms an opening therein.|Flow body and method for taking in and/or blowing out fluid through a plurality of openings in a flow surface section of a flow body
09725161|A method for maximizing traction in an aircraft drive wheel powered by non-engine drive means controllable to move the aircraft on the ground without reliance on the aircraft's brakes and dependence on friction defined by a mu-slip curve. The non-engine drive means is operated to control wheel speed and maintain the powered drive wheel in a maximized optimal traction condition when driving torques are applied to the drive wheel. Traction can be automatically maximized and maintained within an optimal range defined by a relationship between slippage and braking for maximum efficiency of aircraft ground travel under a wide variety of surface, weather, temperature, tire, and other conditions.|Method for maximizing powered aircraft drive wheel traction
09725170|A VTOL (vertical take-off and landing) aerial flying vehicle comprising an inner frame, a gimbal system and an outer frame, the inner frame comprising a propulsion system and a control system. The propulsion system being able to generate a lift force. The VTOL may also include a decoupling mechanism having either a linear or non-linear beam coupled to a ring. The beam may optionally include sliders at ends thereof that provide an additional rotation freedom to the inner frame.|Vertical take-off and landing aerial vehicle
09725171|Techniques for determining whether data associated with an autonomous operation of an unmanned vehicle may be trusted. For example, the data may be analyzed in light of a capability of the unmanned vehicle. The analysis may indicate an operation of the unmanned vehicle. If the operation is unsupported by the capability, the data may be determined to be untrusted. Accordingly, the autonomous navigation may be directed independently of the untrusted data.|Analyzing navigation data to detect navigation data spoofing
09725180|A short term, autonomous, electrical power supply system, particularly an emergency short term, autonomous, electrical power supply system. Said system comprises an actuator with an electrical motor (14), an electrical generator (15) for driving said electrical motor (14) of said actuator, a turbine (13) in driving engagement with said electrical generator (15), an generator (7) of combustible, fluidic energy, a fluid line (10) from said generator (7) to said turbine (13), a control unit (5), and an igniter (9) arranged inside said generator (7) and controlled by said control unit (5).|Short term, autonomous, electrical power supply system
09725181|A movement control strap for an off-wing evacuation system is disclosed. The strap is coupled between the ramp and slide, and engages with the edge of the wing. The strap stabilizes the evacuation system by providing a tensioning force to control movement of the ramp and slide. The strap assembly utilizes the edge of the wing as a leverage point for extra tensioning and control of the system.|Off wing evacuation system control strap
09725190|A method for assembling an aircraft engine nacelle inlet lip includes automatically positioning, with a controller an automated workstation in two degrees of freedom to position an articulated assembly fixture docking station in at least two predetermined joining positions, and effecting, with the controller, an ordered assembly of at least a forward bulkhead joint, a forward bulkhead to lipskin joint, a chord member to lipskin joint, an inner barrel to lipskin joint, an aft bulkhead to lipskin joint and an outer barrel to lipskin joint through an interface between an automated assembly tool and at least one of a plurality of assembly fixtures interchangeably mounted on the docking station, where each assembly fixture corresponds to an assembly step of the aircraft engine nacelle inlet lip and at least one of the assembly fixtures is common to more than one assembly step of the aircraft engine nacelle inlet lip.|Aircraft engine inlet assembly apparatus
09725191|The method for manufacturing the structure includes an imaging device installation process in which a camera 41 that obtains an image of a target hole 33 formed in an upper panel 31 is installed on the rear spar 22, and a positioning process in which relative positions are positioned by relatively moving the upper panel 31 and the rear spar 22 while the image of the target hole 33 obtained by the camera 41 and displayed on a monitor screen is aligned with a target line preset on the monitor screen.|Apparatus for manufacturing a wing body
09725870|Disclosed embodiments relate to systems and methods for mating a wind turbine off-shore to a spar buoy without the use of a crane barge. The system may include a spar buoy, wherein the spar buoy is secured to a foundation, and a wind turbine to be installed on the spar buoy. The system may also include a first truss affixed to the top of the spar buoy and a second truss affixed to the bottom of the wind turbine. The first truss may comprise either stabbings or receptacles configured for mating to the second truss and the second truss may comprise either receptacles or stabbings configured for mating to the first truss.|Apparatus and method of using a disconnectable floating spar buoy jacket wind turbine
09726080|A helical cross flow pulse detonation engine.|Helical cross flow (HCF) pulse detonation engine
09726110|An aircraft propulsion system may include a generally annular fan case defined by a fan configured to be disposed at a forward end thereof and a stator blade array configured to be disposed at an aft end thereof, a thrust reversing assembly comprising at least a portion of the fan case, the fan case comprising a generally annular cascade array, and/or a sleeve situated at least partially about the cascade array, the sleeve configured to deploy to expose the cascade array. The aircraft propulsion system may further comprise a blocker door coupled to at least one of the cascade array and an inner surface of the fan case, the blocker door configured to deploy to redirect airflow through the cascade array.|Aircraft propulsion system fan case comprising thrust reversing assembly
09726111|A discharge system of a separated twin-flow turbojet for an aircraft, supported by a suspension mast, is disclosed. The system includes a main nozzle delimited by an annular cowl with a slot of annular shape defining upstream and downstream portions of the cowl and which is traversed by the suspension mast. The downstream portion of the cowl of the main nozzle includes a first part extending downstream from the upstream portion of the cowl to a trailing edge of the main nozzle, on either side of the suspension mast along two predefined angular sectors; and a second part formed from an internal contour of the slot and having a trailing edge with a diameter smaller than that of the trailing edge associated with the first part of the downstream portion of the cowl. Connecting walls laterally connect the first and second parts of the downstream portion.|Discharge system of a separated twin-flow turbojet for an aircraft, corresponding turbojet and associated design method
09726151|The present invention concerns a method of optically assessing a wind power installation or a part thereof, in particular a rotor blade, including the steps: orienting a camera on to a region to be assessed, recording a photograph of the region to be assessed with the camera, detecting the position of the photographed region, and associating the ascertained position with the photographed region.|Assessment of rotor blades
09726460|A method for accurately determining whether a response tool will be effective for responding to a given enemy threat object. Embodiments described herein provide a method and system for responding to a threat object, for example, negating missile threats. Embodiments may include validating effectiveness of a response to the threat object. Other embodiments may include verifying the continued effectiveness of a response to the threat object. Further embodiments may include providing feedback to re-perform the method for responding to the threat object. The system may include a mathematical method, and associated algorithms, to assess, in an automated fashion, the performance of non-kinetic techniques with respect to negating the threat object.|System and method for asymmetric missile defense
09727040|A method for manufacturing a custom cranial remodeling device of a type comprising plastic material is provided. The method includes the steps of: providing a first database of three-dimensional digital surface images of trim lines for cranial remodeling devices of a first type; providing a second database of three-dimensional digital surface images of trim lines for cranial remodeling devices of a second type; providing a first program for creating trim lines for a cranial remodeling device of the first type, the first program utilizing the first database; providing a second program for creating trim lines for a cranial remodeling device of the second type, the second program utilizing the second database; generating a three-dimensional model of a desired head shape; forming the plastic material onto the model; and selecting one of the first or the second programs to generate trim lines for the cranial remodeling device.|Method and apparatus for automatically generating trim lines for cranial remodeling devices
09727050|A vibration data acquisition and analysis module is operable to be inserted directly into a distributed control system (DCS) I/O backplane, so that processed vibration parameters may be scanned directly by the DCS I/O controller. Because the process data and the vibration data are both being scanned by the same DCS I/O controller, there is no need to integrate numerical data, binary relay outputs, and analog overall vibration level outputs from a separate vibration monitoring system into the DCS. The system provides for: (1) directly acquiring vibration data by the DCS for machinery protection and predictive machinery health analysis; (2) direct integration of vibration information on DCS alarm screens; (3) acquisition and display of real time vibration data on operator screens; (4) using vibration data to detect abnormal situations associated with equipment failures; and (5) using vibration data directly in closed-loop control applications.|Processing machinery protection and fault prediction data natively in a distributed control system
09727491|Data storage systems are disclosed for automatically generating encryption rules based on a set of training files that are known to include sensitive information. The system may use a number of heuristic algorithms to generate one or more encryption rules for determining whether a file includes sensitive information. Further, the system may apply the heuristic algorithms to the content of the files, as determined by using natural language processing algorithms, to generate the encryption rules. Moreover, systems are disclosed that are capable of automatically determining whether to encrypt a file based on the generated encryption rules. The content of the file may be determined using natural language processing algorithms and then the encryption rules may be applied to the content of the file to determine whether to encrypt the file.|Token-based encryption determination process
09727601|Validating a write of a replica record to a replica data store in a transaction processing system. The source record is written to a location in the source data store, and the location is recorded in a transaction log file. The transaction processing system obtains from the transaction log file the location, and the location in the replica data store to which the replica record will be written is predicted, based on the location and length of the previous replica record. If the obtained location of the source record corresponds to the predicted location of the replica record location, the replica record is written to a location in the replica data store.|Predicting validity of data replication prior to actual replication in a transaction processing system
09727620|A matching system and related methods for matching an input item or input item set with stored items and/or stored item sets, and methods for manufacturing and using same.|System and method for item and item set matching
09727640|A system and methodology which can effectively provide decision makers with a better means of making decisions in a way that greatly improves the availability, reliability, and relevance of the information which they provide and use to make decisions. The system and methodology facilitates maximizing mutual utility in the context of a mutual decision between multiple users and groups of users identified generally as Parties and Counterparties and performs user specified actions based on meeting mutual threshold parameters. The system provides significant technical advantages over the prior art in that it uses helps Parties and Counterparties identify optimal arrangements and configurations with less errors, fewer computational cycles, less storage medium, and a smaller amount of time than would be possible using prior art systems.|Asymmetrical multilateral decision support system
09727820|In order to provide a vehicle behavior prediction device and a vehicle behavior prediction method, and a driving assistance device that uses said vehicle behavior prediction device, which enables vehicle behavior to be predicted in a highly accurate manner, a vehicle control device is installed in a vehicle. This vehicle control device is provided with a distribution calculation unit and a vehicle behavior prediction unit. The distribution calculation unit determines, on the basis of driving condition information that has been collected, probability distributions for when deceleration behavior occurs and does not occur. The vehicle behavior prediction unit determines the relative positional relationships between the driving speed and acceleration of vehicles ahead with respect to the probability distributions, and, on the basis of the relative positional relationships that have been determined, predicts the behavior of a vehicle that is subject to prediction.|Vehicle behavior prediction device and vehicle behavior prediction method, and driving assistance device
09727821|A dataset including at least one temporal event sequence is collected. A one-class sequence classifier f(x) that obtains a decision boundary is statistically learned. At least one new temporal event sequence is evaluated, wherein the at least one new temporal event sequence is outside of the dataset. It is determined whether the at least one new temporal event sequence is one of a normal sequence or an abnormal sequence based on the evaluation. Numerous additional aspects are disclosed.|Sequential anomaly detection
09728091|Systems and methods of the present invention are provided to generate a plurality of flight trajectories that do not conflict with other aircraft in a local area. Interventions by an air traffic control system help prevent collisions between aircraft, but these interventions can also cause an aircraft to substantially deviate from the pilot's intended flight trajectory, which burns fuels, wastes time, etc. Systems and methods of the present invention can assign a standard avoidance interval to other aircraft in the area such that a pilot's aircraft does not receive an intervention by an air traffic control system. Systems and methods of the present invention also generate a plurality of conflict-free flight trajectories such that a pilot or an automated system may select the most desirable flight trajectory for fuel efficiency, speed, and other operational considerations, etc.|System and method for optimizing an aircraft trajectory
09728961|The invention relates to an energy generating installation, especially a wind power station, comprising a drive shaft connected to a rotor (1), a generator (8) and a differential transmission (11 to 13) provided with three drives or outputs. A first drive is connected to the drive shaft, an output is connected to a generator (8), and a second drive is connected to an electrical differential drive (6, 14). The differential drive (6, 14) is connected to a network (10) by means of a frequency converter (7, 15) comprising an electrical energy accumulator in the direct-current intermediate circuit.|Method of load leveling in an energy-generating installation
09728970|A feedforward voltage series compensator based on complimentary use of wind, solar, and electric power comprising a controller, a rectifier unit, an H bridge inverter, a series transformer, a wind-power DC voltage sensor, a wind-power DC current sensor, an AC voltage transducer, a DC boost unit, a PV DC voltage sensor, a PV DC current sensor, and a grid-connected inverter. The compensator makes use of wind-electric and photovoltaic-electric complimentary interactions to solve the traditional energy issue for series compensator, and as the grid-connected inverter is feedforward, there is extra capacity for the series transformer and the series complimentary inverter unit, and hence it enjoys the feedforward and quick voltage complimentary characteristics of the wind and solar power generation.|Feedforward voltage series compensator based on complementary use of wind power and photovoltaic power
09729401|A management system and method for remediating poor-performing clients running in a distributed computer system uses a machine learning technique to automatically detect one or more poor-performing clients among a plurality of clients running in the distributed computer based on at least performance data and resource usage data of the clients. An action is then initiated to mitigate the effects of the poor-performing clients.|Automatic remediation of poor-performing virtual machines for scalable applications
09730660|A method and system for converting low-dose mammographic images with much noise into higher quality, less noise, higher-dose-like mammographic images, using of a trainable nonlinear regression (TNR) model with a patch-input-pixel-output scheme, which can be called a call pixel-based TNR (PTNR). An image patch is extracted from an input mammogram acquired at a reduced x-ray radiation dose (lower-dose), and pixel values in the patch are entered into the PTNR as input. The output of the PTNR is a single pixel that corresponds to a center pixel of the input image patch. The PTNR is trained with matched pairs of mammograms, inputting low-dose mammograms together with corresponding desired standard x-ray radiation dose mammograms (higher-dose), which are ideal images for the output images. Through the training, the PTNR learns to convert low-dose mammograms to high-dose-like mammograms. Once trained, the trained PTNR does not require the higher-dose mammograms anymore. When a new reduced x-ray radiation dose (low dose) mammogram is entered, the trained PTNR would output a pixel value similar to its desired pixel value, in other words, it would output high-dose-like mammograms or "virtual high-dose" mammograms where noise and artifacts due to low radiation dose are substantially reduced, i.e., a higher image quality. With the "virtual high-dose" mammograms, the detectability of lesions and clinically important findings such as masses and microcalcifications can be improved.|Converting low-dose to higher dose mammographic images through machine-learning processes
09731420|Described are techniques for storing and retrieving items using a robotic manipulator. Images depicting a human interacting with an item, sensor data from sensors instrumenting the human or item, data regarding physical characteristics of the item, and constraint data relating to the robotic manipulator or the item may be used to generate one or more configurations for the robotic manipulator. The configurations may include points of contact and force vectors for contacting the item using the robotic manipulator.|System for configuring a robotic manipulator
09731421|The present disclosure generally relates to a method for performing industrial automation control in an industrial automation system may include detecting, via a sensor system, positions and/or motions of one or more humans and/or one or more objects in an industrial automation system and distinguishing, via a programmed computer system, between one or more humans and one or more objects based upon the detected positions and/or motions. The method may then include implementing a control and/or notification action based upon the distinction.|Recognition-based industrial automation control with person and object discrimination
09731810|A system and method for improving fuel storage within the wing of an aircraft. In one exemplary embodiment, the system and method eliminate the traditional spars and ribs, and any spanwise and cordwise connecting vertical webs, within a wing. Instead, the system comprises a plurality of modified flared spars, each having a length defined by an angled hat section, to form a wing structure. The modified flared spars may also comprise one or more lengths defined by a specialized section configured to accommodate a portion of a box section, or any other internal component of the wing. The system and method may also involve a contiguous fuel bladder of any size/type. The fuel bladder for the wing may comprise a fabric coated or impregnated with an elastomeric material that may include a polyurethane dispersion layer combined with a sealant.|System and method for improving fuel storage within a wing of an aircraft
09731811|A UAV includes a body. The body defines a payload opening 14. The payload opening is circular, but any shape may be used. A payload of the UAV is arranged in the payload opening. The payload may be a camera, sensors, a package, etc. A payload shroud may be installed which prohibits or reduced ingress of foreign material via payload opening. A payload shroud may include a diverter. The diverter may act as a barrier wall preventing the water or debris from entering the body of the UAV. The diverter should fit flush with the payload opening in the body of the UAV.|Payload shroud for air vehicle
09731820|A VTOL aircraft includes at least one puller rotor and at least one pusher rotor. The VTOL aircraft, for example, may include three puller rotors and one pusher rotor. The combination of static puller and pusher rotors allows the rotors to remain in a fixed orientation (i.e., no moving mechanical axes are required) relative to the wings and fuselage of the VTOL aircraft, while being able to transition the aircraft from a substantially vertical flight path to a substantially horizontal flight path.|Vertical take-off and landing aircraft
09731821|According to an aspect, an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is provided that is capable of flying between a pick up point and a delivery point with respect to a package transfer operation. The delivery point is identifiable by the UAV through global positioning system (GPS) coordinates of the delivery point and verification of a device identifier of a package docking device (PDD) associated with a package transfer request. A control processor coupled to the UAV receives a transaction packet for the operation that includes the GPS coordinates and the device identifier of the PDD associated with the request. Upon arrival of the UAV at the delivery point, the control processor verifies that a device identifier of a PDD located at the delivery point matches the device identifier in the transaction packet, implements the package transfer operation, and transmits confirmation of completion of the operation to an originator of the request.|Package transport by unmanned aerial vehicles
09731830|Provided is an improved reclining mechanism for an aircraft passenger seat. An aircraft passenger seat (100) is provided with a seat bottom frame (152) which constitutes a seat surface, and a seat back frame (162) which constitutes a back rest, wherein cam followers (240, 242) provided on both sides of the seat back frame (162) slide within cam grooves (132) on spreaders (130) supporting both sides of a seat mechanism. When an actuator (200) expands and pivots a link arm (230) in the direction of an arrow R1 to cause the seat back frame (162) to start reclining, a link plate (270) extends in the direction of an arrow F1, and pivots a head rest frame (172) in the ? direction. This operation prevents the line of sight of the passenger from being deviated from a video device provided on a back of a front seat.|Reclining mechanism for aircraft passenger seat
09731831|An aircraft with a fuselage that accommodates at least one air breathing propulsion engine, the fuselage having a maximum fuselage width determined in the region of the at least one air breathing propulsion engine and comprising at least one front fuselage cowling and at least one rear fuselage cowling that are each covering the at least one air breathing propulsion engine at least partly, the at least one front and rear fuselage cowlings being spaced apart from each other in a direction transverse to a longitudinal axis of the at least one air breathing propulsion engine by a predetermined cowling offset to define a dynamic air intake through which an intake air stream is supplied to the at least one air breathing propulsion engine in operation.|Aircraft with an air intake for an air breathing propulsion engine
09732700|A flow vectoring turbofan engine employs a fixed geometry fan sleeve and core cowl forming a nozzle incorporating an asymmetric convergent/divergent (con-di) and/or curvature section which varies angularly from a midplane for reduced pressure in a first operating condition to induce flow turning and axially symmetric equal pressure in a second operating condition for substantially axial flow.|Methods and apparatus for passive thrust vectoring and plume deflection
09732701|A center body attachment system may comprise an engine flange, a center body mounting assembly, and a center body. The center body mounting assembly may retain the center body and the engine flange in slidable engagement, whereby the engine flange and the center body may expand and contract at different rates. The center body may comprise a housing. The housing may comprise a floating counter bore, a spring supporting the floating counter bore, and a slider radially inward of the floating counter bore and retained within the housing by a nut.|Center body attachment system
09732730|The present invention relates a wind turbine comprising a wind turbine tower with a nacelle provided on the top to which a rotor hub with one or more wind turbine blades is rotatably mounted so that they form a rotor plane. A floating foundation having a upper section is mounted to the bottom of the wind turbine tower, wherein the foundation has a buoyant body configured to be installed at an offshore position having a water depth of about 40 m or more. The wind turbine blade comprises an inner blade section coupled to an outer blade section by a pitch junction in which a pitch mechanism is coupled to a pitch control system configured to regulate the pitch of the outer blade section relative to the inner blade section at wind speeds above a first wind speed. This allows the pitching to be used to counteract the tilting of the wind turbine caused by the different thrusts acting on the structure. This allows for a more linear control of the bending moment induced in the structure, since the blade sections provides a more constant thrust acting on the rotor hub which in turn allows the large negative damping loads and stresses introduced in the wind turbine to be eliminated.|Partial pitch wind turbine with floating foundation
09733070|Provided is a shape measuring apparatus that is capable of suppressing adverse effects on measurement accuracy. A probe is provided with an illumination optical system that irradiates an object with light and an image capturing device that detects light reflected by the object. A rotation mechanism that rotates the probe is disposed at a position distanced from a rotation axis line. Attitude of the probe) relative to the object can be changed in accordance with the rotation of the probe. Signals detected by the image capturing device are calculated by a shape information acquisition unit.|Shape measuring apparatus, structure manufacturing system, stage apparatus, shape measuring method, structure manufacturing method, program, and recording medium
09733221|An injection needle cartridge for a sample injector for injecting a sample fluid into a mobile phase in a fluidic path of a fluid separation system between a mobile phase drive and a separation unit, the injection needle cartridge comprising an injection needle configured for aspirating the sample fluid from a fluid container when the injection needle has been moved to the fluid container, and for injecting aspirated sample fluid into the fluidic path when the injection needle is sealingly accommodated in a needle seat, and a sealing force generator configured for applying a sealing force to the injection needle for sealingly accommodating the injection needle in the needle seat, wherein the injection needle cartridge is configured for being substitutably mountable on a handling robot of the sample injector for handling the injection needle cartridge between the fluid container and the needle seat.|Injection needle cartridge with integrated sealing force generator
09733640|A method embodiment includes providing a reticle design data that specify a plurality of printable features that are formed on the wafer using the reticle and a plurality of nonprintable features that are not formed on the wafer using such reticle, wherein the reticle design data is usable to fabricate the reticle. A reduced design database is generated from the reticle design data and this reduced design database includes a description or map of the nonprintable features of the reticle, a description or map of a plurality of cell-to-cell regions of the reticle, and a grayscale reticle image that is rasterized from the reticle design data. The reduced design database, along with the reticle, is transferred to a fabrication facility so that the reduced design database is usable to periodically inspect the reticle in the fabrication facility.|Method and apparatus for database-assisted requalification reticle inspection
09734300|A diagnosis support apparatus which supports diagnosis based on information associated with a diagnosis name in advance is provided. In the diagnosis support apparatus, an acquisition unit acquires the diagnosis name set by a user. A providing unit provides negative information for the diagnosis name set by the user based on the information. With the above arrangement, the diagnosis support apparatus selects and presents information influencing the diagnosis name expected by the user, thereby efficiently presenting information required by the user.|Diagnosis support apparatus and method of controlling the same
09734450|A method includes a computing device receiving data traffic flow and initializing a subroutine to assess alerts for the received data traffic flow; the computer device determining a collection of rules which produce more than a threshold of false positive alerts and more than a threshold of true positive alerts for the assessed alerts; the computer device determining a logical condition and an atomic rule element to add to the collection of rules; and the computer device implementing the added logical condition and atomic rule element if the number of assessed alerts are decreased below a value.|Data loss prevention to remove false positives
09734451|Techniques are disclosed for automatically modeling and predicting moderator actions for online content. A model can be generated or updated based on the content received and the action or actions taken by the moderator in response to receiving the content. The model can be used to automatically predict which action, or combination of actions, are likely to be taken by the moderator when new content is received, and suggest those action(s) to the moderator. These suggestions can, among other things, simplify and speed up the decision-making process for the moderator.|Automatic moderation of online content
09734470|A method includes generating a graphical display associated with an industrial process control system having multiple field devices. The graphical display includes a custom group of field devices, where the custom group includes a user-defined subset of the field devices. The method also includes presenting the graphical display. The method further includes receiving a request to perform an action associated with the custom group. In addition, the method includes initiating performance of the action for each field device in the custom group. The action could include a user-defined custom action, and the method could further include defining the custom action based on user input. The graphical display could include multiple custom groups of field devices and, for each custom group, identify a status of each field device in the custom group. Each custom group could identify critical field devices associated with a different functional unit in an industrial facility.|Apparatus and method for providing customized viewing and control of field devices through custom groups and actions in a process control system
09734511|There are provided a system, a method and a computer program product for assigning a workspace. The system receives one or more reservation request for the workspace, associated with one or more facilities including one or more workspace areas. Each workspace area includes one or more workspaces. The system receives inputs including one or more of: weather condition data, occupancy rates data, and date data, associated with the one or more facilities. The system predicts an energy cost for each workspace area. The system determines a user desirability value for the each workspace area. The system determines a minimum cost for operating the one or more facilities, which satisfies the received reservation request. The system selects one or more workspace area in the one or more facilities according to the determined minimum cost and the received reservation request. The selected workspace area has maximum user desirability values.|Temporary workspace assignment
09734880|Embodiments include apparatuses, systems, and methods including a memory apparatus including a plurality of bit cells, wherein each of the plurality of bit cells correspond to a respective weight value and include a switch device that has a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) or other suitable resistive memory element to produce stochastic switching. In embodiments, the switch device may produce a switching output according to a stochastic switching probability of the switch device. In embodiments, a bit line or a source line passes a current across the MTJ for a switching time associated with the stochastic switching probability to produce the switching output which enables a determination of whether the respective weight value is to be updated. Other embodiments may also be described and claimed.|Apparatuses, methods, and systems for stochastic memory circuits using magnetic tunnel junctions
09735570|A power management circuit comprises an energy pump, a control circuit and a power consuming circuit. The power management circuit is connected in serial with a current loop in a serial connection with a field device to cause a regulated voltage drop across the serial connection at an insertion voltage and to output an electrical power derived from the insertion voltage. The energy pump inputs at least a portion of the insertion voltage, and a feedback sense, and output a charging voltage based on the feedback sense. The charging voltage sources the electrical power output by the power management circuit. The control circuit regulates the insertion voltage by modulating the feedback sense to the energy pump, and modulates the feedback sense in response to an electrical change in the current loop. The power consuming circuit receives the electrical power from the power management circuit.|Power management circuit for wireless communication device and process control system using same
09735581|According to one aspect of the teachings herein, various feeder connection arrangements and architectures are disclosed, for collecting electricity from wind turbines in an offshore collection grid that operates at a fixed low frequency, e.g., at one third of the targeted utility grid frequency. Embodiments herein detail various feeder arrangements, such as the use of parallel feeder connections and cluster-based feeder arrangements where a centralized substation includes a common step-up transformer for outputting electricity at a stepped-up voltage, for low-frequency transmission to onshore equipment. Further aspects relate to advantageous generation arrangements, e.g., tower-based arrangements, for converting wind power into electrical power using, for example, medium-speed or high-speed gearboxes driving generators having a rated electrical frequency for full-power output in a range from about 50 Hz to about 150 Hz, with subsequent conversion to the fixed low frequency for off-shore collection.|Method and apparatus for obtaining electricity from offshore wind turbines
09735711|Improving wind-based piezoelectric power conversion is provided. For example, a piezoelectric element affixed to a vibratory member is provided. A rigid mounting system coupled with a rotatable base is provided for said vibratory member on one end of the vibratory member. A solar generator is coupled with the rigid mounting system and at least one obstacle is provided located on the flexing side of the vibratory member. The obstacle induces a vortex in the wind passing the obstacle and arriving at the vibratory member, which enhances wind-induced displacement in the vibratory member.|Flexure-enhancing system for improved power generation in a wind-powered piezoelectric system
09737040|A system includes a three-dimensional camera and a processor communicatively coupled to the three-dimensional camera. The processor is operable to determine a first and second edge of a dairy livestock. The first edge includes an inner portion of a first hind leg and a first portion of an udder of the dairy livestock. The second edge includes an inner portion of a second hind leg and a second portion of the udder of the dairy livestock. The processor calculates a reference point associated with the udder of the dairy livestock based at least in part upon the first edge and the second edge. A robotic attacher moves toward the udder of the dairy livestock based at least in part upon the calculated reference point.|System and method for analyzing data captured by a three-dimensional camera
09737041|A robotic attacher retrieves cups from the left side of an equipment area located behind a dairy livestock and attaches the cups to the teats of the dairy livestock in sequence. The sequence comprises attaching a first cup to the left front teat, a second cup to the right front teat, a third cup to the left rear teat, and a fourth cup to the right rear teat.|System and method of attaching cups to a dairy animal
09737371|Systems and methods for moving or manipulating robotic arms are provided. A group of robotic arms are configured to form a virtual rail or line between the end effectors of the robotic arms. The robotic arms are responsive to outside force such as from a user. When a user moves a single one of the robotic arms, the other robotic arms will automatically move to maintain the virtual rail alignments. The virtual rail of the robotic arm end effectors may be translated in one or more of three dimensions. The virtual rail may be rotated about a point on the virtual rail line. The robotic arms can detect the nature of the contact from the user and move accordingly. Holding, shaking, tapping, pushing, pulling, and rotating different parts of the robotic arm elicits different movement responses from different parts of the robotic arm.|Configurable robotic surgical system with virtual rail and flexible endoscope
09737991|A robot control device includes a contact judging part which judges if the robot has contacted an object based on external force which is detected by the sensor, a stop command part which makes the robot stop when it is judged that the robot has contacted the object, a continuous contact judging part which judges if the robot continues to contact the object after making the robot stop, and a retraction command part which makes the robot retract in a direction away from the object when it is judged that the robot continues to contact the object.|Robot control device controlling robot based on external force applied to robot and robot system
09738351|Floating TLP wind turbine comprising a buoyancy structure, a plurality of braces, one or more tensioned mooring lines for each brace, and a support structure arranged on the buoyancy structure. The braces extend radially outwardly from a region of the buoyancy structure or support structure, each brace having a distal end portion with respect to the buoyancy structure or support structure. Each distal end portion of the braces comprises a guiding element to allow a guided passage of a tensioned mooring line. Each of the tensioned mooring lines is anchored to the seabed at a first end, and attached/coupled to a region of the buoyancy structure or support structure at a second end, said region being above the region of the buoyancy structure or support structure from which the braces extend radially outwardly. Each tensioned mooring line is guided by the guiding element of the corresponding brace.|Floating wind turbine
09738370|An interior trim arrangement for an aircraft cabin, having lateral ceiling elements, and an angled element having limbs limb extending from one another, one lateral ceiling element arranged offset upwardly and to a first side, the angled element arranged with the first limb adjoining a lateral ceiling element towards the first side, the free end of the first limb located opposite the free end, towards the first side, of a lateral ceiling element, the other limb extending towards the other lateral ceiling element, the free end of the second limb spaced apart from the first free end, towards a lateral ceiling element, of the other lateral ceiling element, a light source for the other lateral ceiling element between the free end of the second limb and the first free end, towards a lateral ceiling element, of the other lateral ceiling element, and the angled element having a lighting element.|Interior trim arrangement for an aircraft cabin
09738371|Structures and methods for joining composite fuselage sections and other panel assemblies together are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a shell structure configured in accordance with the present invention includes a first panel portion positioned adjacent to a second panel portion. The first panel portion can include a first stiffener attached to a first composite skin, and the second panel portion can include a second stiffener attached to a second composite skin. The shell structure can further include a fitting extending across a first edge region of the first panel portion and a second edge region of the second panel portion. A first end portion of the fitting can be attached to the first stiffener and the first composite skin, and a second end portion of the fitting can be attached to a second stiffener and a second composite skin, to join the first panel portion to the second panel portion.|Splice joints for composite aircraft fuselages and other structures
09738390|An embodiment of an inflatable tube includes an elongated tube portion formed from a first fabric, the tube portion including at least one outer wall segment defining a cavity therein. A web is formed from a second fabric, and includes two or more edges secured to an interior surface of the at least one outer wall segment such that the web is disposed along a portion of a tube length.|Reinforced slide tube
09738391|An engine installation system includes two aftward members and two forward members. Each member is connected to a different bootstrap on one end and has a pivotable connection to a pylon on the other end. There is a link that connects one forward member with one aftward member, and another link that connects the other forward member with the other aftward member. There is a variable-length member connected to the bootstrap-end of each of the two aftward members, with each of the variable-length members having a pivotable connection to the pylon.|Engine installation system
09738400|In some embodiments, a system is provided that includes a portable electronic device; and an application executable on the portable electronic device, the application including computer program code that (a) monitors acceleration data during a flight of an airplane; and (b) displays a representation of the acceleration data in relation to a threshold acceleration of the airplane. Numerous other aspects are provided.|Methods and apparatus for reducing anxiety during travel
09738401|Visual landing aids including a series of contrasting circles and polygons for unmanned aerial vehicles that are capable of being accurately detected over a wide range of angles and distances by an unmanned aerial vehicle equipped with a camera and shape detection capabilities. The visual landing said may be implemented using contrasting colors for the pattern which reflect visible and/or UV or infrared light, or by light emitting elements. In some examples, the landing aids includes a secondary smaller version of the landing aid shape pattern that is embedded within the larger pattern, to enable greater detection range while facilitating close-in precision guidance. In still further examples, light emitting elements may be pulsed at a rate that is synchronized with the camera shutter on the unmanned aerial vehicle to further enhance accurate detection.|Visual landing aids for unmanned aerial systems
09739200|A cooling system for an aircraft includes an air intake, a heat exchanger configured to receive air passing into the air intake when the aircraft is operating at Mach speed, and configured to receive compressed refrigerant from a first compressor at a first pressure, an evaporator positioned within the aircraft and configured to receive heated air from a compartment within the aircraft, at least one of an expansion device and an expansion machine, and the compressed refrigerant rejects heat in the heat exchanger to the air, expands in the at least one of the expansion device and the expansion machine, and receives heat in the evaporator from the heated air.|Cooling systems for high mach applications
09739201|A wake reducing structure for a turbine system includes a combustor liner having an inner surface and an outer surface, the inner surface defining a combustor chamber. Also included is an airflow path located along the outer surface of the combustor liner. Further included is a wake generating component disposed in the airflow path and proximate the combustor liner, wherein the wake generating component generates a wake region located downstream of the wake generating component. Yet further included is an airfoil at least partially disposed in the wake region, the airfoil comprising at least one airfoil hole.|Wake reducing structure for a turbine system and method of reducing wake
09739260|A wind turbine blade and an associated method of manufacture is described, wherein a structural bond line of the blade is positioned to be adjacent to a sandwich panel construction of the blade. By locating the structural bond line nest to a sandwich region of the blade, the buckling strength of the joint is improved and the risk of crack initiation in the adhesive joint is reduced considerably. This allows for a reduction in the amount of structural adhesive used in the blade, and/or a reduction in the amount of core material which is required in the sandwich panel to maintain the required blade stiffness. A particular advantage is provided in the region of the trailing edge of the blade, wherein the relocated structural joint considerably reduces the risk of buckling in the trailing edge side of the blade.|Wind turbine blade having a bond line adjacent a sandwich panel of the blade
09739261|Disclosed is a power generation device (1), comprising a shaft column (11) and at least two blade units (12-17), wherein the blade units (12-17) are sheathed onto the shaft column (11) and capable of rotating around the shaft column (11), the adjacent blade units rotate in opposite rotational directions, each blade unit (12-17) has a plurality of arm portions (121-171) and a plurality of movable blades (122-172), the arm portions (121-171) extend radially outwardly from the shaft column (11), each of the movable blades is connected to one side of the corresponding arm portion and, after passing through a first radial center line (19) of the shaft column (11), expands gradually, and after being expanded, does not interfere with the adjacent blade unit, the first radial center line (19) is parallel to a fluid flow direction, and each of the movable blades is gradually closed after it rotates through a rotation angle. The power generation device (1) can maximize the use of energy in the fluid so as to improve power generation efficiency.|Power generation device
09739720|A method, a computer system and an apparatus are disclosed for inspection recipe generation for the automated inspection of semiconductor devices. In order to generate the inspection recipe a reference data set is used. Automatic inspection is carried out with an initial recipe on images of dies of the reference data set (reference wafermap). The detected inspection results from the automatic inspection are classified and the classified inspection results are compared with an expert classification of defects in dies. Overkill and underkill numbers are automatically generated. According to the overkill and underkill numbers the inspection recipe parameters are modified. Automatic inspection is repeated if the detection and/or the classification are below a predefined threshold.|Method, computer system and apparatus for recipe generation for automated inspection of semiconductor devices
09739841|A method and apparatus for testing operability of a power converter with an existing power conversion assembly of a renewable energy system is disclosed. The method includes transferring a first pulse of energy from an existing power conversion assembly to a power filter of the power converter through first cells within a bridge circuit of the power converter. Another step includes determining a first current-voltage feedback associated with the first pulse. A next step includes transferring a second pulse of energy from the power filter to the existing power conversion assembly through second cells within the bridge circuit such that a portion of the first pulse moves back to the existing power conversion assembly. Another step includes determining a second current-voltage feedback associated with the second pulse. The first and second current-voltage feedbacks are compared with nominal tolerances of the power converter to ensure the power converter is operating properly.|Automated method and apparatus for testing a power converter
09740180|A method of controlling a dynamic physical system comprising a plurality of variable quantities. A model of the system comprising a plurality of variables representing the variable quantities, and a plurality of respective rate equations that describe the rate of change of the variables, is obtained. A control term in at least one rate equation from the plurality of rate equations is identified. A rate control function is derived from, for at least one of the variables in the rate equation, the proportion of the variable to the growth rate of the rate equation, and the rate control function is applied to the control term to provide a stabilized control term. The dynamic physical system is then controlled by modifying at least one of the quantities represented by the variables in the control term, so that the control term derived from the modified quantities is substantially the same as the stabilized control term.|Method of controlling a dynamic physical system that exhibits a chaotic behaviour
09740190|A method for programming a three-dimensional (3D) workpiece scan path for a metrology system comprising a 3D motion control system, a first type of Z-height sensing system, and a second type of Z-height sensing system that provides less precise surface Z-height measurements over a broader Z-height measuring range. The method comprises: placing a representative workpiece on a stage of the metrology system, defining at least a first workpiece scan path segment for the representative workpiece, determining preliminary actual surface Z-height measurements along the first workpiece scan path segment, and determining a precise 3D scan path for moving the first type of Z-height sensing system to perform precise surface Z-height measurements. The precise 3D scan path is based on the determined preliminary actual surface Z-height measurements. The precise 3D scan path may be used for performing precise surface Z-height measurements or stored to be used in an inspection program.|Method for programming a three-dimensional workpiece scan path for a metrology system
09740191|Systems and methods for calibrating the location of an end effector-carrying apparatus relative to successive workpieces before the start of a production manufacturing operation. The location calibration is performed using a positioning system. These disclosed methodologies allow an operator to program (or teach) the robot motion path once and reuse that path for subsequent structures by using relative location feedback from a measurement system to adjust the position and orientation offset of the robot relative to the workpiece. When each subsequent workpiece comes into the robotic workcell, its location (i.e., position and orientation) relative to the robot may be different than the first workpiece that was used when developing the initial program. The disclosed systems and methods can also be used to compensate for structural differences between workpieces intended to have identical structures.|Location calibration for automated production manufacturing
09740200|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for an unmanned aerial system inspection system. One of the methods is performed by a UAV and includes obtaining, from a user device, flight operation information describing an inspection of a vertical structure to be performed, the flight operation information including locations of one or more safe locations for vertical inspection. A location of the UAV is determined to correspond to a first safe location for vertical inspection. A first inspection of the structure is performed is performed at the first safe location, the first inspection including activating cameras. A second safe location is traveled to, and a second inspection of the structure is performed. Information associated with the inspection is provided to the user device.|Unmanned aerial vehicle inspection system
09740210|A robotic work tool system (200) comprising a signal generator (240), a boundary wire (250) and a robotic work tool (100), said boundary wire being adapted to demark a work area (205), said signal generator (240) being arranged to transmit a control signal (255) through said boundary wire (250), and said robotic work tool (100) comprising at least one sensor (170) for detecting said control signal (255) being transmitted through the boundary wire (250). The robotic work tool system (200) is characterized in that said pulse signal (255) comprises at least one first pulse train (256) being transmitted at a first amplitude (C1) and at least one second pulse train (257) being transmitted at a second amplitude (C2), wherein said first amplitude (C1) and second amplitude (C2) being arranged so that said first amplitude (C1) is greater than said amplitude level (C2) and a sum of the amplitudes (C1, C2) for all pulse trains (256, 257) over time falls below a threshold value.|Robotic working tool system with a boundary wire
09740540|A process context-awareness method analyzes events arising from a process according to context concepts, compare and analyze entity contents of the events, event types, applicable contextual situations and rules, so as to subsequently trigger the other activities or yield result. The method applies to enterprise information systems, project scheme execution or meets any other operation requirement, suits different enterprise operational context, gains insight into dynamic circumstances of the enterprise context.|Method of process context-awareness
09740700|This disclosure relates to a method, article of manufacture, and apparatus for generating a snapshot map used to facilitate storage system management. In some embodiments, this includes receiving a set of selection criteria, generating a snapshot map based on the set of selection criteria, associating the snapshot map with a timestamp, storing the snapshot map along with the timestamp, associating an identifier after storing the snapshot map and the timestamp in a database, and displaying the snapshot map after obtaining the snapshot map from the database based on the identifier.|Snapshot map
09740711|A method, system, apparatus, article of manufacture, and computer-readable storage medium provide the ability to merge multiple point cloud scans. A first raw scan file and a second raw scan file (each including multiple points) are imported. The scan files are segmented by extracting segments. Features are extracted from the segments. A set of candidate matching feature pairs are acquired by registering/matching/pairing features from one scan to features from another scan. The candidate pairs are refined based on an evaluation of all of the matching pairs. The candidate pairs are further refined by extracting sample points from the segments (within the matched pairs) and refining the pairs based on the points. The feature pairs are scored and then merged based on the scores.|Automatic registration
09740731|Events and/or topics are studied and classified according to their temporal qualities to determine their relative state. The content of a document relating to such event/topic is analyzed to identify temporal components. These components can be compared with corresponding counterparts in other documents to identify a relative temporal order. The invention can be used in environments such as automated news aggregators, search engines, and other electronic systems which compile information having temporal qualities.|Event based document sorter and method
09740810|A system and method for designing an electrical component comprises a model extraction engine configured to generate a model based on a set of parameters, a simulator configured to simulate the generated model and measure performance, a rule-set usable to determine changes to the set of parameters, and an inference engine configured to change salience values of expert rules included in the rule set. The salience value determines when and if an expert rule is used to change the set of parameters. One or more microprocessors are configured to determine design characteristics of the electrical component by iteratively performing, until measured performance is within tolerance, the steps of generating a model based on an updated version of the set of parameters, simulating the generated model, measuring performance of the generated model, and updating the set of parameters using the rule-set if the measured performance is not within the predefined tolerance.|Expert system-based integrated inductor synthesis and optimization
09740811|Identifying the interactions of a selected cell across a hierarchical diagram of an integrated circuit and mapping the ways in which the cell can interact with other structures in the hierarchy reduces the computational load for design rule checking (DRC) and design rules for manufacturing (DRM). To this end, a cell and multiple instances of the cell are identified within hierarchical design levels of the chip. The interactions between the cell and other cells within the hierarchy are subtracted from the cell boundary, and the results of the subtracting are merged in the cell boundary. By subtracting the results of the merging, identical interactions are identified across the multiple instances of the cell. The results of the subtracting are used to generate a virtual hierarchical layer identical (VHLi) which aids in the simulation and verification of the chip.|Virtual hierarchical layer patterning
09740980|A tool and technique are employed to distill and prioritize multiple organizational (sub-system) capabilities based on ranked customer requirements or desires. A translational matrix is employed to organize preferences of the sub-system with respect to the customer requirements or desires. Relative importance scores are input into the matrix to reflect prioritized input versus prioritized capabilities. An adjusted relative importance score of the sub-system is automatically calculated and a resultant re-prioritization of sub-system attributes is created for application to new designs, services, or processes.|Performing sub-system attribute modification
09740981|A tool and technique are employed to distill and prioritize multiple organizational (sub-system) capabilities based on ranked customer requirements or desires. A translational matrix is employed to organize preferences of the sub-system with respect to the customer requirements or desires. Relative importance scores are input into the matrix to reflect prioritized input versus prioritized capabilities. An adjusted relative importance score of the sub-system is automatically calculated and a resultant re-prioritization of sub-system attributes is created for application to new designs, services, or processes.|Performing sub-system attribute modification
09741010|A delivery system and method for delivering packages to multiple recipients uses a mobile robot having a delivery package space suitable for accommodating at least two packages, at least one package sensor configured to output first data reflective of the presence or absence of packages within with package space, at least one processing component configured to receive and process the package sensor's first data and at least one communication component configured to at least send and receive second data. The mobile robot travels to a first delivery location, permits a first recipient to access the package space, and identifies the first recipient's package to the first recipient. The system and method use data from the package sensor to verify that the first recipient removed only his or her package, if other package(s) are also present. The mobile robot then travels to a second delivery location associated with a second recipient.|System and method for securely delivering packages to different delivery recipients with a single vehicle
09741081|The present invention concerns methods and apparatus for detecting perturbations to previously established and known contextualizations practiced or exhibited by subjects when confronted by certain propositions about original items. The subjects are understood to be any sentient beings, e.g., human beings that use the known contextualizations modulo the propositions and also exhibit known measurable indications in response to these propositions. Measurable indications can take on the form of responses, actions, behaviors or any measurable aspects that can be collected from the subjects in response to the propositions. The perturbation to the contextualization that is adopted by the subjects is due to altering the original item to generate an altered item and placing the altered item at the center of the proposition that was previously apprehended by the subjects to be about the original item.|Perturbing a subject's contextualization of a proposition about an item considered in a quantum representation by altering the item
09741140|The subject disclosure is generally directed towards a relatively fast and accurate technology that corrects mobile device (e.g., mobile robot) mapping data into corrected map data based upon detection of loop closure. A variation of stochastic gradient descent (with constraints in a deterministic order) may be used in a first correction phase to provide an updated graph in a relatively fast manner by operating in a relative state space. A graph-based variant of Gauss-Seidel that operates in a global state space may be used in a later phase to refine the updated graph into a more exact graph.|Fast solving for loop closure using a relative state space
09742191|The invention relates to a method for controlling a feed arrangement having a wind energy installation for feeding electrical power into an electrical supply system, comprising the following steps: generating electrical power using the wind energy installation from wind, feeding a first proportion of the generated electrical power into the electrical supply system, supplying a second proportion of the generated electrical power to an electrical consumer for consuming the supplied second proportion of the generated electrical power, and wherein, depending on at least one monitored system state and/or depending on the prevailing wind, the second proportion of the generated electrical power which is supplied to the consumer is reduced wholly or partially and the first proportion of the electrical power fed into the electrical supply system is increased correspondingly, and to a corresponding feed arrangement.|Method for controlling an arrangement for supplying electric current to a power supply system
09742250|Motor modules for multi-arm robot apparatus are described. The motor modules can be used individually or stacked and assembled to make up one-axis, 2-axis, 3-axis, 4-axis, 5-axis, 6-axis motor assemblies, or more. One or more of the motor modules have a stator assembly including a stator received in the stator housing, and a rotor assembly abutting the stator assembly, the rotor assembly including a rotor housing, a drive shaft, a bearing assembly supporting the drive shaft, and a rotor coupled to the drive shaft. A vacuum barrier member is positioned between the rotor and the stator. Multi-axis motor drive assemblies, multi-axis robot apparatus, electronic device manufacturing systems, and methods of assembling drive assemblies are described, as are numerous other aspects.|Motor modules, multi-axis motor drive assemblies, multi-axis robot apparatus, and electronic device manufacturing systems and methods
09742450|Systems, methods, apparatuses, and computer readable media are disclosed for improving, in some examples, registration of radio frequency tags with a location system. Example embodiments may include a method for registering a participant with a radio frequency (RF) location tag. The method may include determining tag derived data from the one or more registered RF location tags, identifying at least one unregistered RF location tag, determining an identity of a participant for registration with the unregistered RF location tag based at least in part on the tag derived data from the one or more registered RF location tags, and registering the unregistered RF location tag with the participant.|Method, apparatus, and computer program product improving registration with real time location services
09742811|A device control system is associated with individual devices connected through a network control point to a gateway and thereby to the Internet. The gateway inserts an EDNS0 pseudo resource record into an additional data section in each DNS query initiated by an individual device, the EDNS0 pseudo resource record identifying the initiating device. A dynamic policy enforcement engine in front of the DNS engine intercepts the DNS query, identifies the initiating device, and selects a policy that applies to the device. The dynamic policy enforcement engine may provide parental control and security service to the individual device by blocking the DNS query or passing it to the DNS engine according to the policy. A component that intercepts DNS queries may provide several additional types of services to the individual devices, including advertising, messaging, mobile device tracking, individual device application control, and delivery of individualized content.|System for providing DNS-based control of individual devices
09742871|A server system sorts a plurality of sessions for multiple users of a media-providing service into a plurality of groups by applying one or more sorting rules to one or more session characteristics for the plurality of sessions. The server system divides respective groups of the plurality of groups into respective pluralities of clusters using a machine-learning algorithm. The server system tracks user interaction with a client device during a user session and identifies the user session as belonging to a first cluster of the pluralities of clusters based at least in part on the user interaction. In accordance with identifying that the user session belongs to the first cluster, the server system personalizes content for the user session using one or more content criteria associated with the first cluster.|Methods and systems for session clustering based on user experience, behavior, and interactions
09743461|A system and method for intelligently and dynamically deploying a plurality of mobile robotic machines capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically to propagate wireless network connectivity comprising, at least, a mechanical framework, sensors, actuators, communications capability, an energy source, a propulsion means, a control mechanism, and a payload. The payload may comprise electronic or mechanical communication equipment to propagate services such as wireless networking services, in for example, a first responder or emergency environment, or electronic and mechanical jamming services in a military or anti-terrorism environment.|System and method for dynamic deployable wireless services
09743990|A medical instrument system includes a plurality of joints, a plurality of actuators, and a plurality of transmission systems. The transmission systems have proximal ends respectively coupled to the actuators. Each of the transmission systems have a distal end attached to an associated one of the joints to allow the transmission of a force for articulation of the medical instrument system. The system also includes a sensor coupled to measure a configuration of the medical instrument; and a control system coupled to receive configuration data, including a current configuration of a tip of the medical instrument from the sensor and a desired configuration of the tip of the medical instrument. Using the difference between the desired configuration and the current configuration of the tip of the medical instrument, the control system generates control signals for the actuators that cause the actuators to apply a set of tensions to the plurality of transmission systems.|Tension control in actuation of multi-joint medical instrument
09744670|Systems and methods for use of optical odometry sensor systems in a mobile robot. The optical odometry sensor system is positioned within a recessed structure on an underside of the mobile robot body and configured to output optical odometry data. The optical odometry sensor system includes an optical odometry camera that includes a telecentric lens configured to capture images of a tracking surface beneath the body and having a depth of field that provides a range of viewing distances at which a tracking surface is captured in focus from a first distance within the recessed structure to a second distance below the underside of the mobile robot body.|Systems and methods for use of optical odometry sensors in a mobile robot
09744671|Mechanisms are provided for classifying an obstacle as an asset type. The mechanisms receive a digital image of an obstacle from an image capture device of an automated robot. The mechanisms perform a classification operation on the digital image of the obstacle to identify a proposed asset type classification for the obstacle. The mechanisms determine a final asset type for the obstacle based on the proposed asset type classification for the obstacle. The mechanisms update a map data structure for a physical premises in which the obstacle is present based on the final asset type.|Information technology asset type identification using a mobile vision-enabled robot
09745040|Aspects of the disclosure relate to techniques for launching high-altitude balloons. In one aspect, a balloon launching system is provided. The balloon has a balloon envelope, a payload attached to the balloon envelope and a launching projection. The launching system includes a releasable restraint attached to the balloon between an apex and bottom of the balloon envelope. The releasable restraint is arranged to temporarily hold the balloon envelope. The launching system also includes a payload positioning assembly. The payload positioning assembly is configured to position the payload during launch of the balloon and includes a member configured to attach to the launching projection. When attached, the member is also configured to maintain the position of the payload relative to the balloon while the releasable restraint is temporarily holding the balloon envelope.|Balloon launching apparatuses
09745051|An engine control device having a calculator for calculating a pitch setpoint for at least one propeller of the engine, the calculator taking account at least of a flight speed.|Control device for an engine
09745061|A personal propulsion device adapted to achieve flight by discharging a fluid, including a passenger assembly adapted to support an individual person; at least one fluid discharge nozzle coupled to the passenger assembly, where the nozzle is movable with respect to the passenger assembly to define a range of motion, and where the nozzle is biased towards at least one position in the range of motion.|Propulsion devices with improved controls
09745070|Within examples, systems for multiple zone heaters for rotor craft are provided and methods for operation. An example system for a rotor craft comprises multiple blades coupled to a rotor and areas of the multiple blades divided into sections. A given blade includes an inboard section extending from the rotor outward and an outboard section extending from the inboard section to a tip of the given blade. The system also includes a plurality of first spanwise heater systems included on respective outboard sections of the multiple blades, a plurality of second spanwise heater systems included on respective inboard sections of the multiple blades, and a control unit coupled to the plurality of first spanwise heater systems and the plurality of second spanwise heater systems. Respective heater systems of the sections of multiple blades are energized in a sequence based on outside air temperature.|Systems for multiple zone heaters for rotor craft and methods of operation
09745071|An ejectable flight data recorder for robust retention of flight data and aiding in locating an aircraft after an emergency situation comprises: a buoyant housing comprising an internal cavity, a door for access to at least a portion of the internal cavity, and an aerodynamic outer shape having a longitudinal axis; an energy-dissipating nose cone for reducing an impact load on the housing when the flight data recorder impacts a water surface; a nonvolatile memory configured to store flight data; a position sensor for detecting a geographic position of the flight data recorder; a radio transmitter; an antenna electrically coupled to the radio transmitter; a sustainable power system; and a hydrophone for acoustically tracking a sinking trajectory of the aircraft in a body of water.|Ejectable flight data recorder systems, methods, and devices
09745080|An access tunnel to an aircraft includes a plurality of tunnel elements each having a longitudinal axis, each tunnel element tapering conically in the direction of the longitudinal axis such that the tunnel elements can be pushed into each other.|Access tunnel to an aircraft
09745081|A mobile fixture configured to move a structure in a manufacturing environment may include a motorized base configured to move on a surface and a support system connected to the motorized base, the support system being configured to support the structure, the support system being configured to position the structure along at least one of an X-axis, a Y-axis, and a Z-axis, the support system being configured to position the structure about the Z-axis, and the support system being configured to provide free rotation of the structure about at least one of the X-axis and the Y-axis.|Apparatus and method for moving a structure in a manufacturing environment
09745130|Storage compartment configurations of pickup locations may be modified (e.g., by dividing larger storage compartments into multiple smaller storage compartments, or vice versa) based on sizes of items to be delivered to the pickup locations, so as to allow more items to be stored with less unused space in each of the storage compartments. Partitions may be positioned (e.g., inserted, moved, removed, etc.) utilizing positioning elements (e.g., rollers, motors, actuators, robotic arms, etc.) for configuring the sizes of each of the storage compartments. Door operations for each of the storage compartments may be modified so as to correspond to the current sizes of the storage compartments, and in some instances multiple doors may be utilized for providing access to larger storage compartments while individual doors may be utilized for providing access to smaller storage compartments.|Pickup locations with modifiable storage compartment configurations
09745750|A modular composite utility pole has a plurality of sections, each with a tapered hollow tube having a plurality of plies, wherein a first end has a larger diameter than a second end, wherein each section is adapted to join at least one adjoining section at a joint wherein the first end of an upper section overlaps the second end of a lower section, the lower section having a ledge proximate to the second end of the lower section, with a fastener passing through the joint via apertures in the sections, and wherein, when the modular composite utility pole is erected, the joint is self-located by the joint features, and wherein substantially all vertical load is transferred between sections via the a surface of the second end of the upper section resting upon the ledge of the lower section. Also disclosed are individual sections and methods of making them.|Modular composite pole
09745770|A tower includes a plurality of stacked sections extending in a longitudinal direction from a base section to a top section. At least one of the stacked sections includes a first block and a second block joined together. The first block and the second block have interlocking portions such that a first portion of the first block is located above a first portion of the second block in the longitudinal direction.|Cruciform tower
09745900|Methods of determining a desired sensor probe location in a closed loop emissions control (CLEC) system of a gas turbine engine are provided. One method includes determining, at different locations, a plurality of temperature contour profiles for exhaust flowing through an exhaust duct, selecting an emissions component entrained in the exhaust to be measured, and determining a desired sensor probe installation location based on the emissions component to be measured and based on the plurality of temperature contour profiles.|Methods of determining sensor probe location in a closed loop emissions control system
09745921|A new dual-mode ramjet combustor used for operation over a wide flight Mach number range is described. Subsonic combustion mode is usable to lower flight Mach numbers than current dual-mode scramjets. High speed mode is characterized by supersonic combustion in a free-jet that traverses the subsonic combustion chamber to a variable nozzle throat. Although a variable combustor exit aperture is required, the need for fuel staging to accommodate the combustion process is eliminated. Local heating from shock-boundary-layer interactions on combustor walls is also eliminated.|Process for operating a dual-mode combustor
09745960|Architecture that harnesses energy from natural atmospheric wind and water currents and self-generated wind and water currents from moving vehicles and natural fluid flow found in nature for moving or stationary applications. The power generation system harnesses energy from natural atmospheric sources utilizing pneumatic and/or hydraulic turbines with compound nozzles, meteorological sensors, computer controlled harmonic resonance valves, a control system, and other components.|Power generation architecture using environmental fluid flow
09745961|Method for operating an offshore wind farm with at least one wind turbine system and a navigation device, which is operated in a normal mode, wherein a hazard signal is received by a receiving device, the received hazard signal is supplied to a control device that switches the navigation device from the normal mode to a an emergency lighting mode.|Offshore wind farm illumination
09746201|The present application discloses a combustion apparatus including: an air supply/exhaust port formed such that an air supply passage surrounds the outside of an exhaust passage; and an air supply port in which an air supply passage is formed. This combustion apparatus is configured such that in a case where this apparatus is installed in the double-pipe system, the air supply passage of the air supply port is closed, whereas in a case where it is installed in the separate-pipe system, the air supply passage of the air supply/exhaust port is closed. The combustion apparatus includes: a supplied-air temperature sensor; and a guide member, which is located near the air supply passage of the air supply/exhaust port or the air supply passage of the air supply port, and by which air flowing into the space in the housing is guided to the supplied-air temperature sensor.|Combustion apparatus
09746330|UMAPS is a multifaceted system that can be robot-mounted, human-worn, or canine carried. UMAPS produces real-time, 3D mapping and localization for the user as they move throughout a GPS-denied environment (e.g. buildings, caves, or tunnels). An Operator Control Unit (OCU) displays information collected by UMAPS; 2D floorplans; 3D textured-enriched surfaces of the structure's interior; and the location of the users within that structure. UMAPS has an open architecture that allows it to function with any OCU. UMAPS has three distinct subsystems: obstacle maps for robot mobility, mapping, and positioning.|System and method for localizing two or more moving nodes
09747040|Example embodiments of the present invention relate to methods, systems, and computer program products for reducing I/O latency in a storage system. The method include polling a storage system for values related to caching of I/Os in global memory for subsequent destaging to disk. The host then may determine respective write delay values for I/Os to be sent from a host communicatively coupled with the storage system according to the values related to caching of I/Os. The write delay values then may be applied to the I/Os at the host to delay sending of the I/Os by respective delay times from the host to the storage system.|Method and system for machine learning for write command selection based on technology feedback
09747440|Methods, systems and devices for generating data models in a client-cloud communication system may include applying machine learning techniques to generate a first family of classifier models that describe a cloud corpus of behavior vectors. Such vectors may be analyzed to identify factors in the first family of classifier models that have the highest probability of enabling a mobile device to better determine whether a mobile device behavior is malicious or benign. Based on this analysis, a second family of classifier models may be generated that identify significantly fewer factors and data points as being relevant for enabling the mobile device to better determine whether the mobile device behavior is malicious or benign based on the determined factors. A mobile device classifier module based on the second family of classifier models may be generated and made available for download by mobile devices, including devices contributing behavior vectors.|On-line behavioral analysis engine in mobile device with multiple analyzer model providers
09747480|The present invention relates to systems, methods, and devices for consumers using RFID-tagged items for multichannel shopping using smartphones, tablets, and indoor navigation, preservation of consumer's privacy related to RFID-tagged items that they leave a retail store with, and automatically reading and locating retail inventory without directly using store labor. Robots and aerial mobile automated RFID reading devices are disclosed.|RFID and robots for multichannel shopping
09747550|A mechanism is provided for identifying a set of top-in clusters from a set of top-k plans. A planning problem and an integer value k indicating a number of top plans to be identified are received. A set of top-k plans are generated with at most size k, where the set of top-k plans is with respect to a given measure of plan quality. Each plan in the set of top-k plans is clustered based on a similarity between plans such that each cluster contains similar plans and each plan is grouped only into one cluster thereby forming the set of top-m clusters. A representative plan from each top-m cluster is presented to the user.|Producing clustered top-k plans
09747551|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for detecting and localizing anomalies in large data sets. One of the methods includes identifying a user whose behavior is classified as anomalous during a particular time interval and determining observed community feature values for a community of users of which the user is a member. If observed user feature values are consistent with the observed community feature values, the behavior of the user is classified as not anomalous. If the observed user feature values are not consistent with the observed community feature values, the behavior of the user is classified as anomalous.|Determining and localizing anomalous network behavior
09747801|A method for classifying surroundings of a motor vehicle includes: providing a hypothesis regarding the class to which the surroundings belong; sampling pieces of information from the surroundings of the motor vehicle; determining a criterion which supports or weakens the hypothesis based on the sampled pieces of information; and determining a probability of the hypothesis being correct, using the criterion with the aid of Bayesian filtering.|Method and device for determining surroundings
09748820|A superconducting electrical generator or motor having a plurality of cryostats is described. The cryostats contain coolant and a first cryostat encloses at least one of a plurality of superconducting coils. A first coil is in superconducting electrical communication with a second coil contained in a second cryostat through a superconducting conduction cooling cable enclosing a conductor. The first cryostat and the second cryostat may be in fluid communication through at least one cryogen channel within the at least one superconducting conduction cooling cable. In other embodiments, none of the plurality of cryostats may be in fluid communication and the cable may be cooled by conduction along the conductor from the first or second cryostat, or from both. The conductor may have different segments at temperatures equal to or above the temperature of the coolant and the superconducting conduction cooling cables may be connected through quick connect fittings.|Superconducting generators and motors and methods for employing same
09750170|An automatic assembling system, comprising: a robot performing an operation of inserting a first member into a second member; a force sensor for detecting an insertion force exerted on the first member by the robot; and a controller for controlling the insertion force with a closed-loop feedback control according to a difference between the insertion force detected by the force sensor and a predetermined insertion force, so that the insertion force is less than the predetermined insertion force to protect the first member and/or the second member from damage due to an overlarge insertion force. The present invention also is directed to a method for automatically assembling a product.|Automatic assembling system
09750510|Described herein is a surgical instrument guide for use with a robotic surgical system, for example, during spinal surgery. In certain embodiments, the guide is attached to or is part of an end effector of a robotic arm, and provides a rigid structure that allows for precise preparation of patient tissue (e.g., preparation of a pedicle) by drilling, tapping, or other manipulation, as well as precise placement of a screw in a drilled hole or affixation of a prosthetic or implant in a prepared patient situation.|Notched apparatus for guidance of an insertable instrument along an axis during spinal surgery
09751210|The present invention provides a mobile robot configured to navigate an operating environment, that includes a machine vision system comprising a camera that captures images of the operating environment using a machine vision system; detects the presence of an occlusion obstructing a portion of the field of view of a camera based on the captured images, and generate a notification when an occlusion obstructing the portion of the field of view of the camera is detected, and maintain occlusion detection data describing occluded and unobstructed portions of images being used by the SLAM application.|Systems and methods for performing occlusion detection
09751211|Example implementations may relate a robot part including a processor, at least one sensor, and an interface providing wireless connectivity. The processor may determine that the robot part is removablly connected to a particular robotic system and may responsively obtain identification information to identify the particular robotic system. While the robot part is removablly connected to the particular robotic system, the processor may (i) transmit, to an external computing system, sensor data that the processor received from the at least one sensor and (ii) receive, from the external computing system, environment information (e.g., representing characteristics of an environment in which the particular robotic system is operating) based on interpretation of the sensor data. And based on the identification information and the environment information, the processor may generate a command that causes the particular robotic system to carry out a task in the environment.|Smart robot part
09751220|An example device may include an annular flexure hub including a first stationary head, a second stationary head, a first rotatable head, and a second rotatable head. Each of the heads comprise an annular sector of the flexure hub, and the first and second stationary heads are interleaved between the first and second rotatable heads. The device may also include a stationary housing coupled to the first stationary head and the second stationary head of the flexure hub. The device may also include a first sensor positioned adjacent to the first rotatable head of the flexure hub, and a second sensor positioned adjacent to the second rotatable head of the flexure hub. The device may also include a rotatable housing coupled to the first rotatable head and the second rotatable head of the flexure hub.|Flexure based torque sensor
09751610|A manufacturing method for passenger door corner components of aircraft or spacecraft includes using additive layer manufacturing, ALM, to form an integral passenger door corner component. The integral passenger door corner component includes a substantially cruciform shape having a frame coupling member with two frame couplings as end pieces. The frame coupling member intersect with a beam coupling member with two beam couplings as end pieces.|Passenger door corner component and manufacturing method for passenger door corner component of aircraft or spacecraft
09751611|Particular embodiments include a non-dedicated, temporarily installed, airborne special mission payload mounting system which is mechanically interfaced to the Air Deployment System (ADS) rails of a host cargo aircraft. An Adaptive Mounting Plate (AMP) is placed over an ADS rail section and restrained in position. Once the AMP is secured, an articulated or fixed position strut can be attached to the AMP through the opened side doorway without removing the original door. Once the strut is secured to the AMP, a one-piece or segmented two-piece pressurized door plug is installed within the vacant doorway above the strut providing an airtight seal and thereby permitting pressurization of the aircraft. The mission payload mounting system can be housed in a strut transport and alignment case which is temporarily attached to the floor of the aircraft during installation of the system, then removed.|Aircraft based non-dedicated special mission pod mounting apparatus
09751620|An aircraft with a landing gear, a compartment to stow the landing gear and doors for the compartment movable between an open position and a closed position. The movement of the doors is controlled by a maneuvering system having two transmission chains or linkages each connecting one of the doors to an actuation member that includes a rotatable arm and an actuating cylinder. Each transmission chain or linkage has a relay element mounted pivotably on a structural element of the aircraft, a first connection element between the arm and the relay element, and a second connection element between the door and the relay element.|Aircraft having landing gear doors and a system for maneuvering the doors
09751621|Control of aircraft steering during ground travel is provided in an aircraft equipped with an engines-off wheel drive system controllable to move the aircraft autonomously on the ground without reliance on the aircraft's main engines or external tow vehicles. The wheel drive system is designed to interact with the aircraft's nose wheel hydraulic steering system to augment or replace the hydraulic steering system with the operation of the wheel drive system at taxi speeds, particularly at very low taxi speeds and even when the aircraft is stopped, to steer the aircraft as it maneuvers through turns during ground travel between landing and takeoff and at other times.|Steering control in an aircraft equipped with a wheel drive system
09751630|The invention relates to a tray table device, in particular a passenger seat tray table device, with at least one table unit, and with at least one cup holder unit which is provided in at least one position of use to at least partly hold at least one drinking vessel. The cup holder unit is movably mounted to the table unit.|Tray table device
09751640|A stopping system for a cab of boarding bridges for accessing aircraft and ships, which boarding bridge comprise a round structure (1) to which the cab (2) is attached with rotational capabilities, having stopping means made up of a cab rotation blocking mechanism, formed by a linearly movable lance (12), and of a coupling part (11) for said lance, that is integral to and rotates with the cab (2). The movement of the lance is controlled by a sensor that detects the operations of the cab drive mechanism.|Stopping system for a cab of boarding bridges for accessing aircraft and ships
09751641|An index pin locking apparatus may include an index head including a bore extending through the index head, the bore being sized to receive an index pin, and a pin lock movable relative to the bore between a first position disengaged from the index pin and a second position engaged to the index pin.|Automated index pin locking apparatus
09752500|A gas turbine engine including at least one high pressure turbine rotor and at least one high pressure compressor rotor drivingly engaged to a rotatable high pressure spool, a low pressure spool rotatable independently of the high pressure spool, at least one low pressure turbine rotor drivingly engaged to the low pressure spool, and a rotatable load drivingly engaged to the low pressure spool. A fixed rotational speed ratio is defined between rotational speeds of the at high pressure turbine and compressor rotors. A fixed rotational speed ratio is defined between rotational speeds of the low pressure turbine rotor(s) and of the low pressure spool. A low pressure compressor rotor is in driving engagement with the low pressure spool through a variable transmission which defines a variable rotational speed ratio between the rotational speeds of the low pressure spool and of the low pressure compressor rotor.|Gas turbine engine with transmission and method of adjusting rotational speed
09752501|The invention relates generally to electrical power systems, including generating capacity of a gas turbine, and more specifically to pressurized air injection that is useful for providing additional electrical power during periods of peak electrical power demand from a gas turbine system power plant, as well as to inlet heating to allow increased engine turn down during periods of reduced electrical demand.|Aero boost-gas turbine energy supplementing systems and efficient inlet cooling and heating, and methods of making and using the same
09752510|A gas turbine engine includes a core engine with a compressor section, a combustor and a turbine. The turbine drives an output shaft, and the output shaft drives at least four gears. Each of the at least four gears extends through a drive shaft to drive an associated fan rotor.|Gas turbine engine driving multiple fans
09752560|A lightning protection device for a wind turbine generator system includes at least a blade arrester, a down lead of a blade connected to the blade arrester, a lightning-proof element of a pitch bearing, a lightning-proof element of a rotor bearing. The lightning-proof element of the pitch bearing is arranged at the blade root, with one end connected to the down lead of blade and the other end connected to the lightning-proof element of the rotor bearing. The lightning protection device forms a lightning current conducting path passing through a cavity of the pitch bearing, a hollow of a rotor shaft and a cavity of the rotor bearing. A wind turbine generator system having the above mentioned lightning protection device is provided.|Wind turbine generator system and lightning protection device thereof
09752561|A method for detecting a rotor blade pitch angle adjustment fault of a rotor blade of a wind turbine is provided, the method includes measuring a rotor blade pitch angle speed; predicting, based on an actual rotor speed, a rotor blade pitch angle speed; indicating a fault, if a first criterion is satisfied, wherein the first criterion is satisfied, if deviation between the measured rotor blade pitch angle speed and the predicted rotor blade pitch angle speed exceeds a speed threshold.|Detecting a pitch angle adjustment fault
09752601|A fastener device provided with at least one movable stud and a stationary stud, the movable stud including first magnetization means that co-operate with second magnetization means of the stationary stud. At least one magnetization means is carried by a ball joint, each magnetization means being carried by movement means that cause the magnetization means to move in translation along a longitudinal axis from an engagement position to a disengagement position in reversible manner, the magnetization means being strongly magnetically attracted to each other when they are facing and each in the engagement position and being magnetically attracted only slightly or not at all when at least one magnetization means is in the disengagement position.|Fastener device for fastening a panel to a structure, and an aircraft
09753181|A system and method of automatic local grid refinements in reservoir simulation systems is described. In one aspect of the disclosure, a method is directed to a computer-implemented method of modeling a formation. The method includes applying a coarse grid to a geologic formation of interest, the coarse grid having a plurality of coarse grid blocks and identifying a structure of interest disposed in the formation. Further, the method includes determining a fine grid zone around the structure based upon a time period for flow simulation of the geologic formation and a geologic characteristic of the geologic formation in a local region adjacent the structure and applying a fine grid to the coarse grid blocks encompassed by the fine grid zone.|System and method for automatic local grid refinement in reservoir simulation systems
09753461|An aerial inspection system is provided, including an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) having an articulated arm coupled thereto. An end effector is coupled to a second end of the articulated arm, the end effector sized and shaped to extend at least partially around an aerial cable in close proximity. One or more sensors are positioned along an inner surface of the end effector, and provide feedback to a control unit. In response, the control unit adjusts a position of at least one of the UAV, the articulated arm, and the end effector such that the end effector maintains a close, non-contact position with respect to the cable.|Autonomous aerial cable inspection system
09753511|A method of managing power between the multiple components of a hybrid electrical energy storage system (HESS) that includes providing at least two power storage elements, and at least one renewable power source. The method further includes managing the power flow among the at least two power storage elements with a fuzzy logic controller. The fuzzy logic controller uses a hardware processor that is configured to increase or decrease current to each of the at least two power storage elements using a fuzzy rule base that is dependent upon at least one of a state of charge for each of the at least two power storage elements, and a requested power demand of the hybrid electrical storage system.|Fuzzy logic based integrated power coordination system for hybrid energy storage system
09754210|In one implementation, a computer-implemented method for determining user interests includes receiving user activity data that describes an interaction between a user and digital content. The method further includes generating first interest-level data that quantifies a first level of interest between the user and an entity that is a topic of the digital content, where the entity is of a plurality of entities included within a knowledge base. The knowledge base includes an ontology that indicates relationships between the plurality of entities. The method further includes identifying a candidate entity based on the candidate entity having one of the relationships to the entity within the knowledge base. Additionally, the method includes generating second interest-level data that quantifies a second level of interest between the user and the candidate entity based on an analysis of the one of the relationships of the candidate entity to the entity within the knowledge base.|User interests facilitated by a knowledge base
09754211|A decision tree methodology based uplift modeling approach, wherein one decision tree is developed simultaneously on test and control groups with the objective of maximizing the mean-difference in identified subsets within the data. The incrementality modeling approach discussed may be applied in any situation where an incrementality model is required to determine who among a group of users should be exposed to a treatment with the goal of receiving a positive response.|Incrementality modeling
09754220|Deep learning is used to identify specific, potential risks of missed diagnosis for a patient and reporting the risk to healthcare provider. The system involves mining and using existing electronic health records for specific medical diagnosis to train one or more deep learning algorithms, and then examining the internal electronic health record of the patient with the trained algorithm, to generate a scored output that will enable a healthcare provider to be alerted to potential risks of a missed diagnosis.|Using classified text and deep learning algorithms to identify medical risk and provide early warning
09754221|A reinforcement learning processor specifically configured to execute reinforcement learning operations by the way of implementing an application-specific instruction set is envisaged. The application-specific instruction set incorporates 'Single Instruction Multiple Agents (SIMA)' instructions. SIMA type instructions are specifically designed to be implemented simultaneously on a plurality of reinforcement learning agents which interact with corresponding reinforcement learning environments. The SIMA type instructions are specifically configured to receive either a reinforcement learning agent ID or a reinforcement learning environment ID as the operand. The reinforcement learning processor uses neural network data paths to communicate with a neural network which in turn uses the actions, state-value functions, Q-values and reward values generated by the reinforcement learning processor to approximate an optimal state-value function as well as an optimal reward function.|Processor for implementing reinforcement learning operations
09754351|Systems, methods, and non-transitory computer-readable media can obtain a set of video frames at a first resolution. Process the set of video frames using a convolutional neural network to output one or more signals, the convolutional neural network including (i) a set of two-dimensional convolutional layers and (ii) a set of three-dimensional convolutional layers, wherein the processing causes the set of video frames to be reduced to a second resolution. Process the one or more signals using a set of three-dimensional de-convolutional layers of the convolutional neural network. Obtain one or more outputs corresponding to the set of video frames from the convolutional neural network.|Systems and methods for processing content using convolutional neural networks
09754371|A Multimodality Brain Mapping System (MBMS), comprising one or more scopes (e.g., microscopes or endoscopes) coupled to one or more processors, wherein the one or more processors obtain training data from one or more first images and/or first data, wherein one or more abnormal regions and one or more normal regions are identified; receive a second image captured by one or more of the scopes at a later time than the one or more first images and/or first data and/or captured using a different imaging technique; and generate, using machine learning trained using the training data, one or more viewable indicators identifying one or abnormalities in the second image, wherein the one or more viewable indicators are generated in real time as the second image is formed. One or more of the scopes display the one or more viewable indicators on the second image.|Multi modality brain mapping system (MBMS) using artificial intelligence and pattern recognition
09754380|A remote operated selective target treatment system including a firing robot having a weapon and an optoelectronic sighting device, a central processing unit and a control screen displaying the prepared image of the target, and a control device. The central processing unit prepares the image intended for display, and includes an input module receiving digital images, an image analyzer receiving the image from the input module and detaching the target image from its environment, a modelling device modelling the contour of the image, a comparator connected to a library of silhouettes receiving the modelled image and checking it against the silhouettes, and an exclusion module receiving an image from the comparator and using a library of masks to apply a mask to the image and transmit the prepared image for display on screen.|Remote operated selective target treatment system
09754471|An electronic switch for controlling a device 170 by switching a function of the device at least in dependence on a sleep stage of a human. The switch includes an EEG data interface configured to receive brain activity data from an EEG sensor 120 configured to monitor electrical activity of the brain of the human during a training phase, an EEG sleep classifier 125 configured to classify sleep stages of the human from the received brain activity data, and a body data interface configured to receive body activity data from an alternative sensor 130 configured to monitor a bodily function of the human both during the training phase and during a subsequent usage phase. The alternative sensor is different from the EEG sensor, and the electronic switch further includes an alternative sleep classifier 135 and a machine learning system 140, the machine learning system being configured to train the alternative sleep classifier 135 to classify a sleep stage of the human from the received body activity data, the learning system using sleep stages classified by the EEG sleep classifier 125 and concurrent body activity data received from the alternative sensor as training data, wherein in the usage phase, the device 170 is controlled in dependency on sleep stages of the human classified by the alternative sleep classifier 135. A control logic 150 is configured to at least determine that the classified sleep stage is one of a set of particular sleep stages and to switch a function of the device at least in dependency on said determination.|Electronic switch for controlling a device in dependency on a sleep stage
09756140|Disclosed are various embodiments for tracking user behavior relative to a network page and identifying user interest in various content items of the network page according to the user behavior. A network page that includes multiple content items is rendered for display in a client. A user action is obtained relative to the network page. A user behavior report is sent to one or more servers. The user behavior report indicates the user action, a timestamp associated with the user action, and one or more of the content items that are associated with the user action.|Tracking user behavior relative to a network page
09756480|The present invention is a method and system of locating mobile devices and building a database of the mobile device locations through the interaction of mobile devices with one or more proximity activation systems. The method and system uses beacon proximity activity to refine the location of a beacon and the relative position of one or more mobile devices to the beacon through a multiple activation point distance calculation. As mobile devices come within a pre-determined proximity to a beacon, applications installed on the mobile devices supply a location and identity of the mobile device at the time of activation. The system and method uses numerous activations to refine and report the physical location of the beacon.|Predictive analytics utilizing proximity determination
09756720|An apparatus has a permittivity attenuation layer interposed between a substrate and a first conductive trace, wherein the permittivity attenuation layer comprises a resin matrix containing functionalized carbon nanomaterial, such as functionalized single-wall carbon nanotubes (f-SWNTs). In some embodiments, a design structure for designing, manufacturing, or testing the apparatus is tangibly embodied in a machine readable medium. In some embodiments, the apparatus comprises an enhanced laminate core for use in a printed wiring board (PWB) that contains a differential pair having an inner-leg conductive trace and an outer-leg conductive trace. A permittivity attenuation layer is interposed between the inner-leg conductive trace and a laminate core, wherein the loading level of f-SWNTs in the permittivity attenuation layer is selected to attenuate the permittivity of the inner-leg conductive trace to match the permittivity of the outer-leg conductive trace.|Propagation velocity tuning with functionalized carbon nanomaterial in printed wiring boards (PWBs) and other substrates, and design structures for same
09756830|In certain embodiments, a system includes a front wall, a rear wall positioned substantially parallel to the front wall, and first and second side walls each extending between the front wall and the rear wall. The first side wall includes a gate, and the second side wall is spaced apart from the first side wall such that the front wall, the rear wall, the first side wall, and the second side wall define a milking box stall of a size sufficient to accommodate a dairy livestock. The system includes an equipment portion located adjacent to the rear wall. The equipment portion houses a robotic attacher configured to extend between the rear legs of a dairy livestock located within the milking box stall in order to attach milking equipment to the dairy livestock.|Milking box with robotic attacher
09757821|A method is provided for in-situ resurfacing of a main rotor shaft of a wind turbine, wherein in an operational state, the main rotor shaft is coupled at a first end to a rotor hub and at the opposite second end to a gearbox or directly to a generator within a nacelle. The method includes uncoupling the rotor shaft from the gearbox or generator so as to expose an end face of the second end of the rotor shaft. A fixture is attached to the exposed end face concentric with the rotational axis of the rotor shaft. A lathe system in then attached to the fixture. The rotor shaft surface adjacent to the exposed end is machined with the lathe system such that the resurfaced portion of the rotor shaft surface is brought to a round state concentric with the rotational axis of the rotor shaft. The method is conducted within the nacelle with the first end of the rotor shaft remaining coupled to the rotor.|System and method for in-situ resurfacing of a wind turbine main rotor shaft
09757860|A robot includes a plurality of joints including a first joint and a second joint that rotates in a direction different from a rotation direction of the first joint, a plurality of arm members including a first arm member provided to be rotatable with respect to a base via the first joint, and a first angular velocity sensor provided in the first arm member or the first joint. A first inertial sensor is provided in the first arm member (or a portion that rotates together with the first arm member in the first joint). The plurality of joints are controlled on the basis of an output of the first inertial sensor.|Robot
09757861|A user interface device of a remote control system for a robot and a method using the same are provided. The user interface device includes: a radio frequency (RF) unit for receiving, from a remote control robot, camera data and at least one sensor data detecting a distance; a display unit having a main screen and at least one auxiliary screen; and a controller having an environment evaluation module for determining whether the received camera data are in a normal condition, and having a screen display mode change module for displaying, if the received camera data are in a normal condition, the camera data on the main screen and displaying, if the received camera data are in an abnormal condition, the sensor data on the main screen.|User interface device of remote control system for robot device and method using the same
09758250|An aircraft passenger seat having a seat bottom, a seat back, and right and left armrests. The arm rests include structural arm rest assemblies for attachment to the seat bottom, and arm rests for being removably-positioned on the structural arm rest panels. Upholstery shrouds are adapted for being positioned on and covering the right and left arm rests. The shrouds are easily removed and installed as needed.|Removable arm rest shroud for aircraft seating
09758251|An emergency escape slide container includes a first portion having a first end wall and a first side wall, the first side wall and the first end wall defining a first storage space that is sized and shaped to receive an emergency escape slide. The first side wall also includes a first rolling mechanism. The emergency escape slide container also includes a second portion having a second end wall and a second side wall, the second side wall and the second end wall defining a second storage space sized and shaped to receive the emergency escape slide. The second side wall also includes a second rolling mechanism. The first portion and the second portion cooperate to define a third storage space therebetween, the third storage space being equal to a combination of the first storage space and the second storage space.|Aircraft emergency escape slide container and method of changing an aircraft emergency escape slide
09758260|Micro satellite is disclosed with foldable solar panels that may be winded around the body of the micro satellite so that the growth in outer dimensions of the satellite is no more than 10-20 mm along each one of the length, width and height of the microsatellite so that the micro satellite may be launched in an auxiliary payload volume of a launcher. The foldable solar panels may be deployed to employ area that exceeds 9 times the product of the length by the width of the satellite and 6 times the product of the height by the length. The solar power produced by the solar panel and their light weight enable carrying of cargo that is at least 0.6 of the of the total mass of the satellites.|Low volume micro satellite with flexible winded panels expandable after launch
09758261|A method of manufacturing a solar cell assembly by providing a substrate; depositing on the substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting a permanent laminate supporting member with a thickness of 50 microns or less on top of the sequence of layers; utilizing the laminate structure for supporting the epitaxial sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell during the processes of removing the substrate and depositing and lithographically patterning a plurality of metal grid lines disposed on the top surface of the first solar subcell, and attaching a cover glass over at least the grid lines of the solar cell.|Inverted metamorphic multijunction solar cell with lightweight laminate substrate
09759130|A cooling system for a gas turbine engine. The system includes a fuel air heat exchanger with a fuel passage that is in thermal contact with an engine cooling air passage. The system further includes a fuel deoxygenator located upstream of the fuel air heat exchanger and configured to deliver deoxygenated fuel to the fuel air heat exchanger fuel passage. The system also includes a valve configured to moderate engine cooling air flow to the engine cooling air passage.|Gas turbine engine with cooling system
09759131|Methods and systems for imparting corrosion resistance to gas turbine engines are disclosed. Existing and/or supplemental piping is connected to existing compressor section air extraction piping and turbine section cooling air piping to supply water and anti-corrosion agents into areas of the gas turbine engine not ordinarily and/or directly accessible by injection of cleaning agents into the bellmouth of the turbine alone and/or repair methods. An anti-corrosion mixture is selectively supplied as an aqueous solution to the compressor and/or the turbine sections of the gas turbine engine to coat the gas turbine engine components therein with a metal passivation coating which mitigates corrosion in the gas turbine engine.|Gas turbine engine systems and methods for imparting corrosion resistance to gas turbine engines
09759160|An ultra-efficient "green" aircraft propulsor utilizing an augmentor fan is disclosed. A balanced design is provided combining a fuel efficient and low-noise high bypass ratio augmentor fan and a low-noise shrouded high bypass ratio turbofan. Three mass flow streams are utilized to reduce propulsor specific fuel consumption and increase performance relative to conventional turbofans. Methods are provided for optimization of fuel efficiency, power, and noise by varying mass flow ratios of the three mass flow streams. Methods are also provided for integration of external propellers into turbofan machinery.|Ultra-efficient propulsor with an augmentor fan circumscribing a turbofan
09759161|A rocket engine having a co-axial, bidirectional flow arrangement is described herein. The rocket engine receives fuel and an oxidizer into the rocket engine in a first direction, whereby a portion of the fuel is combusted in a pre-burner. The flow direction of the partially combusted fuel/oxidizer mixture is reversed, whereby the mixture is introduced into a combustion chamber. The fuel and oxidizer are combusted in the combustion chamber. The combustion products exit a throat and an expansion plenum in a direction similar to the first direction, whereby the combustion products exit a nozzle of the rocket engine, providing thrust.|Propulsion system and launch vehicle
09759181|The present application discloses a wind turbine blade having on the outer surface thereof a polyurethane-based coating including a polyurethane binder prepared from polyol(s) having an average functionality of ?2.0 and <8.0; at least 50% (w/w) of the polyols have aliphatic polyester segments included therein and have a Mw of 300-3,000 g/mol; and polyisocyanate(s) having an average functionality of <3.0; at least 50% (w/w) of the polyisocyanate(s) are selected from: (i) polyisocyanates having aliphatic polyester segments included therein, and having a molecular weight of 500-3,000 g/mol and a functionality of ?2.0 and <3.0; (ii) polyisocyanates of the allophanate type having a Mw of 250-2,000 g/mol and a functionality of ?2.0 and <3.0; and (iii) polyisocyanates of the uretdion type having a Mw of 250-2,000 g/mol and a functionality of ?2.0 and <3.0. The application also discloses corresponding coating compositions and a method for coating a substrate.|Coating composition for wind turbine blades
09759190|Disclosed is a wind turbine with a nacelle and a rotor, the rotor including a number of blades and a hub, the nacelle and the hub being connected with each other in an interface region, the wind turbine further including a transport system for transporting hydraulic and/or pneumatic fluid from the nacelle into the hub. The transport system includes a rotary unit as a connection through which the fluid passes and a part of which rotates in operation together with the hub which rotary unit is positioned in the hub at a position distanced from the interface region facing away from the nacelle, the transport system further including a pipe system leading from the interface region into the hub to the rotary unit and being fixed in its position. The disclosure also concerns a method of construction of such wind turbine.|Wind turbine and method of construction of a wind turbine
09759191|Wind turbine blade comprising at least one deformable trailing edge section having a plurality of actuators consecutively arranged substantially downstream from one another and a control system for controlling the actuators, wherein a downstream end of one actuator is connected by a substantially rigid link with an upstream end of the next actuator and the plurality of actuators comprises an upper actuator being mounted above a chord line of the blade section and a lower actuator being mounted below a chord line of the blade section. Wind turbines comprising such a blade and methods of controlling loads on a wind turbine blade are also described.|Wind turbine blade
09759200|An unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to inspect equipment and a method of inspecting equipment with the UAS are described. The UAS includes a scanner to obtain images of the equipment and a memory device to store information for the UAS. The UAS also includes a processor to determine a real-time flight path based on the images and the stored information, and a camera mounted on the UAS to obtain camera images of the equipment as the UAS traverses the real-time flight path.|Wind tower and wind farm inspections via unmanned aircraft systems
09760021|A controller measures positional information of a stage within an XY plane using three encoders which at least include one each of an X encoder and a Y encoder of an encoder system, and the stage is driven in the XY plane, based on measurement results of the positional information and positional information (p(sub)1, q(sub)1), (p(sub)2, q(sub)2), and (p(sub)3, q(sub)3) in a surface parallel to the XY plane of a head (an encoder) used for measurement of the positional information. Accordingly, it becomes possible to control the movement of the stage with good precision, while switching the head (the encoder) used for control during the movement of the stage using the encoder system which includes a plurality of heads.|Movable body drive method and movable body drive system, pattern formation method and apparatus, exposure method and apparatus, device manufacturing method, and calibration method
09760570|A system and method for disambiguating references to entities in a document. In one embodiment, an iterative process is used to disambiguate references to entities in documents. An initial model is used to identify documents referring to an entity based on features contained in those documents. The occurrence of various features in these documents is measured. From the number occurrences of features in these documents, a second model is constructed. The second model is used to identify documents referring to the entity based on features contained in the documents. The process can be repeated, iteratively identifying documents referring to the entity and improving subsequent models based on those identifications. Additional features of the entity can be extracted from documents identified as referring to the entity.|Finding and disambiguating references to entities on web pages
09760651|A web services-based communication system and technique uses an information server to facilitate the communication of process control data and analysis results between a plurality of web services coupled to a communication network. A graphical user interface coupled to the network enables users to store user profile information and configuration information in a database within the information server. The information server uses the configuration information and the profile information to control the operations of a scheduler and a router within the information server to enable users to selectively view process control information via the graphical user interface and to route process control information to appropriate ones of the web services.|Web services-based communications for use with process control systems
09760671|There is provided a computer-implemented method for verification of a layout of an integrated circuit according to a design intent with a selected manufacturing process. The method comprises defining corner points of a first circuit part 1 as seed points 3, projecting a specifically designed polygon shape 4 proximal to a seed point 3 and calculating an overlap area 5 between the projected polygon shape 4 and a second circuit part 2. The layout is rejected when the overlap area does not conform to a threshold overlap area determined by the design intent.|Rule checking
09760690|An artificial intelligence agent is machine trained and used to provide physically-based rendering settings. By using deep learning and/or other machine training, settings of multiple rendering parameters may be provided for consistent imaging even in physically-based rendering.|Content-based medical image rendering based on machine learning
09760700|Systems and methods of determining image characteristics are provided. More particularly, a first image having an unknown characteristic can be obtained. The first image can be provided to a plurality of user devices in a verification challenge. The verification challenge can include one or more instructions to be presented to a user of each user device. The instructions being determined based at least in part on the first image. User responses can be received, and an unknown characteristic of the first image can be determined based at least in part on the received responses. Subsequent to determining the unknown characteristic of the first image, one or more machine learning models can be trained based at least in part on the determined characteristic.|Image based CAPTCHA challenges
09760830|A control method is disclosed for determining a quality indicator of medical technology recording results data from a tomography scan of an examination structure, which scan is supported by a contrast agent, by way of a tomography system. According to an embodiment of the invention, at least one control parameter value is automatically derived from the recording results data in respect of a contrast agent image region during and/or directly after the tomography scan, which value represents a quality of the recording results data in the contrast agent image region. A control system for such a determination is also disclosed.|Control method and control system
09760831|A system for personalizing content for presentation to a user. The system using: a keyword dictionary, being a database containing words and information on the relatedness of words, as a resource for identifying related words in words associated with each of the content and the user; a database containing inferred behavioral indices to predict user behavior; and a popularity index containing popularity indices for items within the content.|Content personalization system
09760850|Deep learning is used to identify specific, potential risks to an enterprise (of which litigation is the prime example) while such risks are still internal electronic communications. The system involves mining and using existing classifications of data (e.g., from a litigation database) to train one or more deep learning algorithms, and then examining the internal electronic communications with the trained algorithm, to generate a scored output that will enable enterprise personnel to be alerted to risks and take action in time to prevent the risks from resulting in harm to the enterprise or others.|Using classified text and deep learning algorithms to identify risk and provide early warning
09761131|Systems and method are disclosed for adaptive and/or autonomous traffic control. In one illustrative implementation, there is provided a method for processing traffic information. Moreover, the method may include receiving data regarding travel of vehicles associated with an intersection, using neural network technology to recognize types and/or states of traffic, and using the neural network technology to process/determine/memorize optimal traffic flow decisions as a function of experience information. Exemplary implementations may also include using the neural network technology to achieve efficient traffic flow via recognition of the optimal traffic flow decisions.|Systems and methods involving features of adaptive and/or autonomous traffic control
09761221|According to some aspects, a method of classifying speech recognition results is provided, using a neural network comprising a plurality of interconnected network units, each network unit having one or more weight values, the method comprising using at least one computer, performing acts of providing a first vector as input to a first network layer comprising one or more network units of the neural network, transforming, by a first network unit of the one or more network units, the input vector to produce a plurality of values, the transformation being based at least in part on a plurality of weight values of the first network unit, sorting the plurality of values to produce a sorted plurality of values, and providing the sorted plurality of values as input to a second network layer of the neural network.|Order statistic techniques for neural networks
09761411|A system and method for maskless direct write lithography are disclosed. The method includes receiving a plurality of pixels that represent an integrated circuit (IC) layout; identifying a first subset of the pixels that are suitable for a first compression method; and identifying a second subset of the pixels that are suitable for a second compression method. The method further includes compressing the first and second subset using the first and second compression method respectively, resulting in compressed data. The method further includes delivering the compressed data to a maskless direct writer for manufacturing a substrate. In embodiments, the first compression method uses a run-length encoding and the second compression method uses a dictionary-based encoding. Due to the hybrid compression method, the compressed data can be decompressed with a data rate expansion ratio sufficient for high-volume IC manufacturing.|System and method for maskless direct write lithography
09762611|A first node of a networked computing environment initiates each of a plurality of different types of man-in-the middle (MITM) detection tests to determine whether communications between first and second nodes of a computing network are likely to have been subject to an interception or an attempted interception by a third node. Thereafter, it is determined, by the first node, that at least one of the tests indicate that the communications are likely to have been intercepted by a third node. Data is then provided, by the first node, data that characterizes the determination. In some cases, one or more of the MITM detection tests utilizes a machine learning model. Related apparatus, systems, techniques and articles are also described.|Endpoint-based man in the middle attack detection using machine learning models
09763741|An endolumenal robotic system provides the surgeon with the ability to drive a robotically-driven endoscopic device to a desired anatomical position in a patient without the need for awkward motions and positions, while also enjoying improved image quality from a digital camera mounted on the endoscopic device.|System for robotic-assisted endolumenal surgery and related methods
09764151|The system includes an active medical device with means for delivering defibrillation shocks; means for continuous collection of the patient current cardiac activity parameters; and evaluator means with neuronal analysis comprising a neural network with at least two layers. This neural network comprises upstream three neural sub-networks receiving the respective parameters divided into separate sub-groups corresponding to classes of arrhythmogenic factors; and downstream an output neuron coupled to the three sub-networks and capable of outputting an index of risk of ventricular arrhythmia. The risk index is compared with a given threshold, to enable or disable at least one function of the device in case of crossing of the threshold.|Neural network system for the evaluation and the adaptation of antitachycardia therapy by an implantable defibrillator
09764461|The present invention is to provide an industrial robot, which is placed in vacuum for use, capable of efficiently cooling down hand- or arm-driving motors which are arranged inside the arm in air. The industrial robot is provided with a motor for rotating a second arm unit with respect to a first arm unit, a motor for rotating a hand with respect to the second arm unit, a reduction gear for reducing the rotation of the motor and transmitting it to the second arm unit, and a reduction gear for reducing the rotation of the motor and transmitting it to the hand; the hand and the arm are placed in vacuum. The reduction gears and are coaxially arranged so that the center of rotation of the second arm unit with respect to the first arm unit coincides with the axial centers of the reduction gears. The interior space of the hollow first arm unit is kept at atmospheric pressure in which the motors and the reduction gears are arranged.|Industrial robot
09764470|Methods, apparatus, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for selectively deploying robots to performing mapping based on added cost. In various implementations, a measure of interest in mapping an area of an environment may be determined. A cost associated with a robot performing a task may also be determined. Then, an added cost associated with the robot mapping the area of the environment while performing the task may be determined. The robot may be selectively deployed to map the area while performing the task in response to a determination that the measure of interest justifies the added cost.|Selective deployment of robots to perform mapping
09764471|A trajectory generation apparatus for robot includes a load judgement unit which compares a load applied to a component of a robot when the robot is operated on a reference trajectory with a load judgement value and a speed reduction unit which reduces a speed of the robot when the load is greater than the load judgement value. The trajectory generation apparatus includes a comparison trajectory generation unit which sets a comparison teaching point obtained by changing a position of a reference teaching point when the speed is reduced and generates a comparison trajectory based on the comparison teaching point and a trajectory selection unit which compares a transit time of the comparison trajectory with a transit time of the reference trajectory and selects a trajectory of which a transit time is shorter.|Trajectory generation apparatus for robot to generate trajectory including curved portion
09764480|A robot includes a body, a first arm, and a second arm. The first arm includes one joint, an adjacent joint that is adjacent to the one joint, and another adjacent joint that is adjacent to the adjacent joint. When the first arm is extended in a vertical orientation relative to the body, the one joint of the first arm has a rotation axis that is offset by a first distance in a first horizontal direction from a rotation axis of the adjacent joint of the first arm, and the another adjacent joint of the first arm has a rotation axis that is offset by a second distance in a second horizontal direction from the rotation axis of the adjacent joint of the first arm. The first horizontal direction is opposite to the second horizontal direction.|Robot
09764481|A flexible wrist-type element, comprising: a base housing extending along a first longitudinal axis towards a base end; an operational housing extending along a second longitudinal axis towards an operational end; an operational element moveably connected to the operational housing; a joint assembly movably connecting the base housing and the operational housing; wherein the joint assembly allows relative movement of the operational housing and the base housing between a first position and a second position, wherein a point of intersection between the second longitudinal axis and the first longitudinal axis moves during movement between the first position and the second position; a driver assembly moveably supported by the base housing and the operational housing; and wherein the driver assembly is configured to actuate the operational element relative to the operational housing.|Flexible wrist-type element
09764821|A propeller assembly having a hub having at least one receiver opening, a receiver located within the receiver opening and having a first collar defining a blade opening, a blade having a second collar and a protrusion with the second collar abutting the first collar and the protrusion received within the blade opening, and a first retainer, and a second retainer.|Propeller assembly and propeller blade retention assembly
09764830|According to one embodiment, a method of adjusting an aircraft pedal assembly includes providing a pedal linkage coupled between a pedal and an attachment assembly situated proximate to an aircraft instrument panel. A brake cylinder is provided coupled between the pedal and the attachment assembly. The pedal linkage is rotated in response to an adjustment input. The pedal linkage is maintained approximately parallel to the brake cylinder during rotation of the pedal linkage.|Pilot control system with adjustable pedals
09764831|A rotary system including a grip having an opening forming a first bridge for receiving a centrifugal force bearing that faces inwardly towards the rotor mast. A rotor blade couples to the grip and a pitch horn positioned outside the opening pitches the rotor blade during flight. A bearing assembly attaches the first bridge to the yoke and controls blade forces exerted against the hub assembly during flight.|Articulated main rotor hub with inwardly CF bearing and 3% flapping hinge offset
09764841|An assembly for supporting a device from a structural location exhibiting an upper horizontal edge. A main support body has front and rear faces, a bottom support ledge projecting from the front face and being adapted to receive a bottom extending edge of the device. A top support ledge extends from the rear face and is adapted to engage the upper horizontal edge of the structural location. A variant of the assembly incorporates a height adjustable component secured to the main support body and exhibiting a further ledge support location adapted to engage a top extending edge of the device. An angularly adjustable arm supporting component is secured to a lower rear face location of the main support body and is adjustable to establish a desired angle or tilt of the main support body and supported device.|Multi-position adjustable support assembly suspended from an elevated horizontal edge for securing such as a book, smartphone or tablet style computer
09764850|A fiber-reinforced composite structure includes a cut edge; an elastomeric cap covering the cut edge; and an adhesive sealant bonding the elastomeric cap to the cut edge. The fiber-reinforced composite structure is joined to a component and the elastomeric cap includes a generally Z or L-shaped cap with a web bonded to the cut edge of the fiber-reinforced structure and a flange bonded to the component and extending away from the fiber-reinforced structure.|Edge seal for fibre-reinforced composite structure
09764851|Provided is a fuel system that can reduce the amount of fuel in a second tank before the amount of fuel in a first tank. A fuel system includes: a first tank and a second tank that respectively store fuel; a fuel supply pump that supplies at least the fuel in the first tank out of the first and second tanks to a fuel consuming section; a transfer pump that transfers the fuel in the second tank into the first tank; and a fuel passage having an inlet in communication with an inner portion of the first tank, and an outlet in communication with an inner portion of the second tank. The fuel in the first tank overflows into the second tank through the fuel passage.|Fuel system and aircraft
09764861|Space craft comprising a body, at least one pair of supporting arms, a first device mounted on a first supporting arm and a second device mounted on a second supporting arm. The first arm is rotatably mounted on the body of the craft about an axis of rotation. The second arm is fixed to the body, and in which craft of the first device and the second device at least one is offset from the axis of rotation of the first arm. The pair of supporting arms further comprises a hollow module for the rotatable mounting of the first arm on the body. The mounting module comprising an opening through which the axis of rotation and the second supporting arm pass.|Space craft comprising at least one pair of supporting arms, said arm pair being equipped with a hollow mounting module, and method for employing such a craft
09765640|An exemplary system may include a gas turbine engine configured to operate at an engine power level to satisfy an engine power demand. The system may also include at least one generator operatively coupled to the engine and configured to generate electrical power based at least in part on the engine power demand. The system further may include at least one heating element in communication with the at least one generator, and at least one control unit coupled to the at least one heating element. The at least one heating element may be configured to receive electrical power from the at least one generator to generate thermal energy. The at least one control unit may be configured to energize the heating element when the engine power demand is below the engine power level and/or there is an anticipated increase in the engine power demand.|System and method to manage transients for rapid power demand changes
09765641|In accordance with one embodiment of the present disclosure, a system includes a first housing, a second housing, a seal, and a spring system. The first housing includes a first volume of fluid. The first housing is capable of connecting to a first element and to a second element, and is also capable of reducing an amount of movement transferred from the first element to the second element. The second housing is connected to the first housing. The second housing includes a second volume of fluid and a volume of gas. The first volume of fluid is in fluid communication with the second volume of fluid. The seal is capable of separating the second volume of fluid from the volume of gas. The spring system is capable of applying pressure to the first volume of fluid and the second volume of fluid.|System and method for vibration isolation
09765691|A turbine engine assembly including a turbine core and a cryogenic fuel system. The turbine core includes: a compressor section; a combustion section; and a turbine section, which are axially aligned. The a cryogenic fuel system includes: a cryogenic fuel reservoir; a vaporizer heat exchanger; a liquid supply line operably coupling the fuel reservoir to an input of the vaporizer heat exchanger; a gas supply line operably coupling an output of the vaporizer heat exchanger to the combustion section; and a second heat exchanger thermally connecting the liquid supply line and the gas supply line to transfer heat from the gas supply line to the liquid supply line.|Turbine engine assembly and dual fuel aircraft system
09765700|Bleed air systems for use with aircrafts and related methods are disclosed. An example apparatus includes a turbo-compressor including a compressor having a compressor inlet fluidly coupled to a low-pressure compressor of the aircraft engine and a compressor outlet fluidly coupled to a first system of an aircraft. The turbo-compressor also includes a turbine inlet fluidly coupled to a high-pressure compressor of the aircraft engine and a turbine outlet fluidly coupled to a second system of the aircraft.|Bleed air systems for use with aircrafts and related methods
09765701|An automated industrial system is provided that includes a sensor system configured to monitor multiple parameters. The automated industrial system also includes a controller. The controller is configured to determine if any of the multiple parameters has surpassed a respective constraint threshold of multiple constraint thresholds. If any of the parameters has surpassed a respective constraint threshold, the controller is configured to classify a parameter of the multiple parameters which has surpassed the respective constraint threshold by the highest degree as the most constrained parameter. The controller is also configured to calculate a minimum temperature load path based on the most constrained parameter, with the minimum temperature load path configured to transition the automated industrial system from a base load to a part load via a minimum temperature load path.|Gas turbine load enhancement
09765970|A combustion chamber module for an aircraft turbomachine, including an annular combustion chamber in which each of primary and dilution ports of an outer annular wall, which is located at least partly in a wake of a fuel injector, has a discharge coefficient higher than that of its homologous port of an inner annular wall. A method for designing such a module includes determining wakes generated by fuel injectors, and then geometrically defining air inlet ports of coaxial walls of the combustion chamber such that an air flow rate actually entering through ports of the outer wall is substantially equal to an air flow rate entering through ports of the inner wall.|Aircraft turbomachine combustion chamber module and method for designing same
09766610|An illustrative application control system is provided having an entity and an electronic device with a display. The control system includes software operating instructions to direct movement of the entity and to direct display operation to interact with the entity. The entity may have the capability to move when positioned on the display and to detect pixels and pixel arrangements on the display. The electronic device may include the capability to generate and display the pixels and pixel arrangements in subsequent locations on the display to trigger entity responses. The software operating instructions may include content such as audio output and/or performance instructions to facilitate interaction between the entity and electronic device.|Interactive application platform for a motorized toy entity and display
09766620|A self-propelled device is provided including a drive system, a spherical housing, and a biasing mechanism. The drive system includes one or more motors that are contained within the spherical housing. The biasing mechanism actively forces the drive system to continuously engage an interior of the spherical housing in order to cause the spherical housing to move.|Self-propelled device with actively engaged drive system
09767171|Disclosed is a system, method, and computer program product for implementing a log analytics method and system that can configure, collect, and analyze log records in an efficient manner. An improved approach is provided for identifying log files that have undergone a change in status that would require retrieve of its log data, by including a module directly into the operating system that allows the log collection component to be reactively notified of any changes to pertinent log files.|Method and system for implementing an operating system hook in a log analytics system
09767240|Disclosed are temperature-aware integrated circuit (IC) design methods and systems, which establish a customized power delivery network (PDN) for an IC early in the design process in order to generate, in a timely manner, a final IC design layout that can be used to manufacture IC chips that will exhibit minimal hotspots. Specifically, prior to placement of library elements, an initial PDN is established and divided into sections. The library elements are placed. Then, potential hotspots associated with any of the sections are identified and a customized PDN for the IC is established to eliminate the hotspots. That is, for each section, a total power consumption amount is determined. When the total power consumption amount is greater than the threshold, a hotspot is indicated and the section is customized to eliminate the hotspot. Also disclosed is a resulting IC chip structure.|Temperature-aware integrated circuit design methods and systems
09767330|Technologies are generally described for distance determination between two or more RFID tags based on a minimum detectable signal. In some examples, a first RFID tag may establish communication with a second RFID tag, and modulate an irradiating electromagnetic field to generate backscatter signals for sequential transmission to the second RFID tag. A depth of amplitude modulation of each transmitted signal may be progressively reduced until the second RFID tag can no longer detect the modulation. The particular distance between the first and second RFID tags may then be determined based on a minimum detectable signal by the second RFID tag, which may be identified as a last transmitted signal detected by the second RFID tag. In some embodiments, distance determination between two or more RFID tags as described above may be implemented for robotic sensing, assembly systems, security, and wearable technology to track motion and/or position of objects.|Distance determination between RFID tags
09767380|An apparatus and method for determining an image similarity based on image features. In one aspect, the image similarity determination is based on an image comparison tool. The image comparison tool may be trained, by a machine-learning system, to estimate a similarity between images based on a subset of image data comprised by image features. The estimate may be an estimate of how similar structures found in the images would be following a geometric transformation of some of the structures. In one aspect, an atlas image for performing automatic segmentation of an image is determined according to a comparison made using the image comparison tool.|Image comparison tool tolerant to deformable image matching
09767381|A system and method provide object localization in a query image based on a global representation of the image generated with a model derived from a convolutional neural network. Representations of annotated images and a query image are each generated based on activations output by a layer of the model which precedes the fully-connected layers of the neural network. A similarity is computed between the query image representation and each of the annotated image representations to identify a subset of the annotated images having the highest computed similarity. Object location information from at least one of the subset of annotated images is transferred to the query image and information is output, based on the transferred object location information.|Similarity-based detection of prominent objects using deep CNN pooling layers as features
09767410|This specification describes, among other things, a computer-implemented method. The method can include training a baseline neural network using a first set of training data. For each node in a subset of interconnected nodes in the baseline neural network, a rank-k approximation of a filter for the node can be computed. A subset of nodes in a rank-constrained neural network can then be initialized with the rank-k approximations of the filters from the baseline neural network. The subset of nodes in the rank-constrained neural network can correspond to the subset of nodes in the baseline neural network. After initializing, the rank-constrained neural network can be trained using a second set of training data while maintaining a rank-k filter topology for the subset of nodes in the rank-constrained neural network.|Rank-constrained neural networks
09767411|A system includes a free itemset generation unit to generate a set of free itemsets, each having a frequency in the database greater than or equal to a predetermined threshold value set in advance, a valid rule candidate generation unit to generate rule candidates and store the generated rule candidates, and a rule minimality decision unit to check minimality of each of the generated rule candidates and output the generated rule candidate to an output apparatus when the generated rule candidate is determined to be minimal.|Rule discovery system, method, apparatus, and program
09767651|The invention relates to systems and methods of selecting and placing real-world wagers responsive to one or more wager triggers, obtaining outcomes of the real-world wagers, facilitating user interactions with various interactive media, and revealing the outcomes of the real-world wagers through the interactive media to give an appearance that the outcomes of the real-world wagers resulted from the user interactions even though the outcomes resulted from the real-world wagers and were determined before the user interactions. By integrating real-world wager outcomes with gameplay and other user interactions, the system may provide an engaging user experience with interactive media. For example, a game may reveal an outcome of a real-world wager (which has already occurred), in response to in-game actions such as user actions in the game, other players' actions in the game, game events (e.g., events caused by the game logic/artificial intelligence), and/or other events.|System and method of revealing real world wager outcomes based on user interactions with interactive media
09768460|An electrode comprises an acid treated, cathodically cycled carbon-comprising film or body. The carbon consists of single walled nanotubes (SWNTs), pyrolytic graphite, microcrystalline graphitic, any carbon that consists of more than 99% sp(sup)2 hybridized carbons, or any combination thereof. The electrode can be used in an electrochemical device functioning as an electrolyzer for evolution of hydrogen or as a fuel cell for oxidation of hydrogen. The electrochemical device can be coupled as a secondary energy generator into a system with a primary energy generator that naturally undergoes generation fluctuations. During periods of high energy output, the primary source can power the electrochemical device to store energy as hydrogen, which can be consumed to generate electricity as the secondary source during low energy output by the primary source. Solar cells, wind turbines and water turbines can act as the primary energy source.|Hydrogen oxidation and generation over carbon films
09768461|Provided is a renewable energy power generation system (10) having a renewable energy power generating apparatus (12) arranged to generate electric power; and a hydrogen power generation module (20) having a separation unit (22) adapted to separate water into hydrogen and oxygen, and a fuel cell unit (28) adapted to receive air or oxygen, and hydrogen from said separation unit or from a hydrogen storage; the fuel cell unit being arranged to produce electric power in the presence of hydrogen and oxygen; wherein the hydrogen power generation module being adapted to receive electric power from the at least one renewable energy power generating apparatus at least prior to production of electric power by the fuel cell unit.|Renewal energy power generation system
09768720|A method for estimating operation parameters of a servomotor is described. The method includes the steps of: driving the servomotor to rotate stably at an initial angular velocity; computing d- and q-axis components of an initial voltage when the servomotor rotates at the initial angular velocity; accelerating the servomotor to a predetermined angular velocity according to the initial voltage; and computing at least one operation parameter of the servomotor after the servomotor rotates at the predetermined angular velocity.|Method and system for estimating operation parameters of a servomotor
09769440|This device for projecting luminous beams for exterior lighting for aircraft comprises a luminous source adapted to be mounted on the aeroplane so as to project the said beam onto an exterior lighting surface. The luminous source comprises a video image projector (2).|Device for projecting a luminous beam for exterior lighting for aircraft
09770300|A master console includes handles configured to control robotic surgical instruments of a slave robot, force/torque detectors configured to detect forces applied to the handles by an operator, a force compensator configured to generate force control signals that cancel out the forces applied to the handles by the operator, and a master controller configured to drive at least one joint of each of the handles in order to control motion of the handles based on motion control signals and the generated force control signals.|Surgical robot and control method thereof
09770301|The invention relates to a robotic module for driving a catheterization system, which includes a base and a movable element rotatably mounted, relative to the base, about a rotation axle. The movable element includes: a mounting having a surface for rotating about the axle, the rotating surface comprising an access opening; a transfer system including a fixed part supported by the base and a mobile part for translating the catheter, supported by the mounting, the mobile part having an access opening. The access opening of the mobile part is aligned with the access opening of the rotating surface, regardless of the relative orientation of the mounting and of the base.|Module for driving a catheterization system
09770831|A cable drawn from a lower arm of a robot into a first upper arm part of an upper arm is further drawn out to an exterior space of the robot through a first hole of a second upper arm part. The cable is drawn in contact with a sidewall part of the second upper arm part, and is disposed in a wrist arrangement portion through a second hole. A slack part is formed taking account of a length of the cable pulled by a wrist when the wrist pivots in the wrist arrangement portion, and the cable is drawn to a tool through a through hole of the wrist.|Industrial robot
09771140|The invention provides an integrated aircraft structure, such as a fuselage, with reinforcing elements in areas of the structure that need them because they have openings or are subjected to high loads. The structure comprises a skin, a plurality of stringers and a plurality of frames with mouseholes for the passage of stringers at their crossing zones. The reinforcing elements are configured with a suitable shape to be superimposed to the stringers in said areas. A manufacturing processes of said integrated aircraft structure is also provided.|Aircraft structure with integrated reinforcing elements
09771141|A slat control system for an aircraft may include a flight control computer configured to generate a gap command in response to an occurrence of a gap-command condition. The slat control system may further include an edge control system including an edge control device having a plurality of control device positions including at least one designated control device position. The slat control system may additionally include a device actuation system configured to move a leading edge device of an aircraft. The edge control system may be configured to automatically command the device actuation system to extend the leading edge device from a sealed position to a gapped position when the edge control device is in the designated control device position and the gap command is received by the edge control system.|Leading edge system and method for approach noise reduction
09771151|A rotor blade for a reaction drive type helicopter is provided. The rotor blade includes a main duct extending from a proximal end, couplable to and for fluid communication with a rotor hub, to a distal end for ducting a first air/gas stream from the rotor hub to the distal end. A nozzle is attached to an outlet of the main duct at the distal end for receiving the first air/gas stream from the main duct and releasing the first air/gas stream to propel the rotor blade. A circulation control is carried at a trailing edge of the blade. A trailing edge duct is carried intermediate the trailing edge and the main duct and is in fluid communication with the main duct by a partition with a plurality of orifices formed therein to bleed air from the main duct and generate a second air/gas stream therein with a pressure less than the pressure of the first air/gas stream. The trailing edge duct supplies the second air/gas stream to the circulation control.|Reaction drive helicopter with circulation control
09771161|A beam with a hybrid cross-sectional structure is provided. The beam includes a first section having a first cross-sectional I-beam structure, a second section having a second cross-sectional box-beam structure and a third section. The third section is interposed between the first and second sections and incorporating the first and second cross-sectional I-beam and box-beam structures.|Beam with hybrid cross-sectional structure
09771170|An aircraft system component carrier module includes a carrier element which is arc-shaped at least in sections and is configured, when the module is mounted in an aircraft, to extend at least in some sections substantially in the direction of the ribs of an aircraft structure over at least a section of a crown area of an aircraft cabin. The module includes a transverse carrier element which is configured, when the module is mounted in an aircraft, to extend in the crown area of an aircraft cabin substantially perpendicularly to a longitudinal axis of the cabin. The module further includes a structure holder for fastening the module to the aircraft structure, an aircraft system component holder for fastening at least one of the aircraft system components to the module and an attaching device, connected to the transverse carrier element, for attaching an aircraft luggage compartment to the module.|Aircraft system component carrier module and system
09771171|A wing deformation monitoring and analysis system includes at least one image sensor installed on a portion of the aircraft such that at least one wing of the aircraft is located in a field of view (FOV) of the at least one image sensor. The image sensor outputs at least one image signal representing a captured wing image of the at least one wing. An electronic deformation controller is configured to compare the captured wing image to a nominal wing image, determines a deformation of the at least one wing based on the comparison.|Aircraft wing deformation monitoring and analysis system
09771700|A structure for mounting offshore installations such as wind turbines or oil and gas platforms. The structure comprises a base, a top piece, and a lattice structure connecting the base to the top piece. The sub-components of the structure can be pre-assembled prior to installation to facilitate ease of construction, or they may be transported to a pre-determined location and assembled on site.|Structures for offshore installations
09772561|An overlay measurement and correction method and device is provided. In an embodiment the measurement device takes measurements of a first semiconductor wafer and uses the measurements in a plurality of correction techniques to generate an overlay correction model. The plurality of correction techniques include a first order correction, a first intra-field high order parameter correction and a first inter-field high order parameter correction. The model is used to adjust the exposure parameters for the exposure of the next semiconductor wafer. The process is repeated on each semiconductor wafer for a run-to-run analysis.|Semiconductor manufacturing method and tool
09772741|Predictive modeling is an important class of data analytics with applications in numerous fields. Once a predictive model is built, validated, and applied on a set of objects, by a data analytics system (or even by manual modeling), consumers of the model information need assistance to navigate through the results. This is because both regression and classification models that output continuous values (eg, probability of belonging to a class) are often used to rank objects and then a thresholding of the ranked scores needs to be used to separate objects into a "positive" and a "negative" class. The choice of threshold greatly affects the true positive, false positive, true negative, and false negative results of the model's application. An ideal data analytics system should allow the user to understand the tradeoffs of different threshold values for different thresholds. The user interface should convey this information in an intuitive manner and provide the ability to vary the threshold interactively while simultaneously presenting the effects of thresholding on predictivity. This is precisely the function of the present invention. In addition to manual thresholding, the invention also allows for the thresholding to be performed by fully automated means (via standard statistical optimization methods) once a user has identified the desired balance of false positives and false negatives (or other predictivity metrics of interest). The invention can be applied to any application field of predictive modeling.|Data analysis computer system and method for organizing, presenting, and optimizing predictive modeling
09772871|Embodiments relate to a method for managing and analyzing a computer environment. The method includes receiving, by the host device, a set of data elements from at least one computer environment resource of the computer infrastructure, each data element of the set of data elements relating to an attribute of the at least one computer environment resource. The method includes applying a system analysis function to the set of data elements to characterize a dataset specification associated with the set of data elements. The method includes receiving, by the host device, a user-selected policy threshold criterion based on the dataset specification and providing the user-selected policy threshold criterion to the semi-supervised learning algorithm as a parameter. The method includes adjusting a boundary of the dataset specification of the set of data elements, as associated with the user-selected policy threshold criterion, based on a behavioral change of the computer infrastructure.|Apparatus and method for leveraging semi-supervised machine learning for self-adjusting policies in management of a computer infrastructure
09773210|There is provided a system for providing information. The system includes a data classifying device configured to receive original data and classify the original data as real time data or general data; a real time data analyzing device configured to receive the real time data from the data classifying device and generate condensed information including only a part that satisfies predefined conditions among attribute information of the real time data; and a distributed parallel processing device configured to receive the general data from the data classifying device, perform a predetermined distributed parallel computation process on the general data, and generate analysis information.|System and method for providing information
09773211|A graphical display of values generated according to a penalized regression model for multiple parameters of a data set shows the values as a graph having a first axis that represents magnitude of multiple parameter estimates of the penalized regression model and having a second axis that represents parameter estimate values of the multiple parameters of the penalized regression model. A user input is received that comprises a change to a parameter handle of the graphical display and changes at least one data parameter of the penalized regression model. The graphical display is changed such that the graphical display shows a representation of the values for the penalized regression model in accordance with the changes.|Systems and methods for interactive graphs for building penalized regression models
09776321|A posture holding device is for use in a transfer device which has a holding part configured to hold an object and a first link and a second link connected to the holding part. The transfer device moves the first link and the second link relative to the holding part so as to move the holding part between a transfer position and a standby position. The posture holding device holds a posture of the holding part and includes a magnetic gear rotatably connecting the first link and the second link to the holding part. The magnetic gear is disposed such that the one end of the first link connected to the holding part is rotated about a first axis and the one end of the second link connected to the holding part is rotated about the first axis or a second axis different from the first axis.|Posture holding device for holding part
09776330|A method and apparatus for installing a fastener in a surface of a structure. A crawler robot may comprise a first movement system and a second movement system. The first movement system may be configured to move the crawler robot and a track system along the surface. The second movement system may be configured to move the crawler robot along the track system on the surface.|Crawler robot and supporting platform
09776331|A method for setting identification code of smart motors and a multi-axis control apparatus using the same are provided. The method suitable for setting identification codes of a plurality of smart motors includes following steps: entering an identification setting mode when the smart motors receive an identification code setting command; detecting a shaft rotation angle of each smart motor under the identification setting mode, so as to determine whether the shaft rotation angle of each smart motor is larger than a setting value; and when one of the smart motors determines its shaft rotation angle is larger than the setting value, setting the identification code of the smart motor from a preset identification code to a first identification code.|Method for setting identification code of smart motor and multi-axis control apparatus using the same
09776711|A landing gear is provided. The landing gear includes a composite strut tube having a first lug and a second lug thereon. A first brace is coupled to the composite strut tube with a first two-force member via the first lug and a second brace is coupled to the composite strut tube with a second two-force member via the second lug. A method for assembling the landing gear is also provided.|Landing gear including a composite strut tube and methods for assembling the same
09776721|A holder apparatus for holding an object relative to an airplane cabin window frame can include a structure that locates in opposing window shade channels of the frame, and at least one tray pivotably mounted relative to the structure. A system for holding an object relative to an airplane cabin window can include a holder apparatus with a structure that engages a window frame of the window, and at least one tray pivotably mounted relative to the structure. The structure can engage opposing window shade channels of the window frame in response to rotational displacement of the structure relative to the frame. A method for installing an apparatus in a window can include placing the apparatus between channels of the window, rotating and engaging ends of the apparatus with the window frame channels and displacing it to the bottom of the frame.|Retention of objects relative to an airplane cabin window frame
09776731|Methods and apparatus for detecting surface deformation of aircraft surfaces are disclosed. An example apparatus includes a sensor system to monitor an aircraft surface, the sensor system including a first sensor and a second sensor. A surface monitoring system receives signals from the first sensor and the second sensor and based on the signals received, the surface monitoring system is to: detect a surface deformation on the aircraft surface; analyze one or more environmental conditions or aircraft parameters; and classify a severity of a detected surface deformation based on the one or more environmental conditions or aircraft parameters to determine if the detected surface deformation impacts aircraft performance or safety.|Methods and apparatus for detecting aircraft surface deformations
09776740|An aircraft is capable of passing from the aerial domain to the spatial domain and method for automatically adapting the configuration of same. An additional breathable gas supply is provided to be activated only during a flight phase during which aerobic propulsion is interrupted, and is capable of supplying the control system of the manned cabin environment instead of the system associated with the aerobic propulsion means.|Aircraft capable of passing from the aerial domain to the spatial domain and method for automatically adapting the configuration of same
09777451|Process for installing an offshore tower, comprising: a) manufacturing a foundation comprising a block, manufacturing at least one superposition section of a shaft, and manufacturing a base section of a shaft; b) applying said base section to said foundation block (starting unit) to assume the relative position for the installed condition, applying said superposition sections to said starting unit in a multi-layered configuration, and applying lifting means to at least one of said foundation block and said base section; c) moving said starting unit up to the installation point; d) introducing ballast in said foundation block so that said starting unit sinks until resting on the bottom of the body of water; e) actuating said lifting means to expand said sections into the installed condition; f) between step a) and c), placing said foundation block or starting unit in the body of water of the installation point.|Process for installing an offshore tower
09777630|The present invention discloses a novel apparatus and methods for augmenting the power of a gas turbine engine, improving gas turbine engine operation, and reducing the response time necessary to meet changing demands of an electrical grid. Improvements in power augmentation and engine operation include systems and methods for providing rapid response given a change in electrical grid.|Gas turbine fast regulation and power augmentation using stored air
09777631|An inlet apparatus for a gas turbine engine includes: a fan duct adapted to surround at least one row of rotating fan blades, the fan duct having a circular frontal area, and defining a first inlet plane; and an outer duct surrounding the fan duct, the outer duct including: a first frontal area shape at the first inlet plane which defines, cooperatively with an exterior of the fan duct, at least one lobe through which air can pass; and a second frontal area shape at a second inlet plane located axially downstream from the forward end which is circular, and which defines, cooperatively with an exterior of the fan duct, an annulus through which air can pass.|Conformal inlet apparatus for a gas turbine engine
09777670|The present disclosure relates to a nacelle for a dual-flow turbojet engine includes a cold airstream having a non-constant cross-section over the periphery of the nacelle, such that at least one flap is radially offset with respect to the central axis of the turbojet engine, relative to the adjacent flaps. The system for driving the radially offset flaps is suitable for ensuring that the kinematics of the flaps are offset relative to the kinematics of the flaps mounted along the remainder of the periphery of the airstream.|Aircraft propulsion unit including at least one turbojet engine and a nacelle
09777671|A variable area fan nozzle assembly for a turbofan engine includes a nacelle having an aft edge and a translating thrust reverser sleeve with a trailing edge. The thrust reverser sleeve is movably disposed aft of the nacelle's aft edge and is movable between a forward position and an aft position. A translating fan nozzle having a forward edge is movably disposed behind the trailing edge, and is movable between a stowed position and a deployed position. An upstream bypass flow exit is defined between the trailing edge and the forward edge when the fan nozzle is in the deployed position. An extendable actuation system is configured to move the fan nozzle between the stowed position and the deployed position.|Actuation system for a translating variable area fan nozzle
09777710|A method for locking the rotor of a wind turbine includes providing the rotor with at least one rotor blade which can be displaced about its longitudinal axis by an adjusting device from an operating position into a vane position, in which substantially no torque acts upon the rotor. The rotor drives a generator and can be prevented from rotation in a locking position by inserting a locking bolt into a rotor-side receiving opening. A wind turbine for performing the method includes a rotor which is induced into a creeping rotational movement at such a low rotational speed by short-circuiting at least one stator winding of the generator that a locking bolt can be inserted into a rotor-side receiving opening while the rotor is rotating.|Method for stopping and locking a wind turbine rotor by short-circuiting generator stator windings
09777711|The invention relates to a method of reducing oscillations in an offshore wind turbine comprising one or more thrusters, the method comprising determining an oscillation of the offshore wind turbine and operating the one or more thrusters such that the oscillation is reduced. The invention further relates to an offshore wind turbine comprising one or more underwater thrusters, oscillation determination system for determining an oscillation of the wind turbine and a control system for operating the underwater thrusters in response to signals received from the oscillation determination system.|Method for reducing oscillations in offshore wind turbines
09778230|An ultrasound scanning assembly is configured to inspect a structure, such as a composite winglet of an aircraft. The ultrasound scanning assembly may include an outer ultrasound probe configured to be positioned on an outer surface of the structure. The outer ultrasound probe may include a phased array transducer having a plurality of transducer elements. An inner ultrasound probe may be configured to be positioned within the structure opposite from the outer surface. The inner ultrasound probe may include a single element transducer configured to receive ultrasound signals transmitted by the phased array transducer.|Ultrasound scanning system, assembly, and method for inspecting composite structures
09778650|A method, system and apparatus for a kitting and automation assembly. The system includes an inspection apparatus that captures information of a component. A controller is coupled to the inspection apparatus for receiving and evaluating the information to determine a conforming component. The assembly apparatus includes a datum tool that is operatively configured to contact a datum reference of a part to determine a proper position of the part. The method includes capturing a data set indicative of a characteristic of a component and comparing the data set to a stored data set having a desired characteristic to determine a conforming component. The method also includes picking and positioning the conforming component at an installation position, contacting a datum reference of a part with a datum tool to confirm a proper position, and placing the conforming component on to the part at the proper position.|Apparatus, system and method for kitting and automation assembly
09779081|A collection of data that is extremely large can be difficult to search and/or analyze. Relevance may be dramatically improved by automatically classifying queries and web pages in useful categories, and using these classification scores as relevance features. A thorough approach may require building a large number of classifiers, corresponding to the various types of information, activities, and products. Creation of classifiers and schematizers is provided on large data sets. Exercising the classifiers and schematizers on hundreds of millions of items may expose value that is inherent to the data by adding usable meta-data. Some aspects include active labeling exploration, automatic regularization and cold start, scaling with the number of items and the number of classifiers, active featuring, and segmentation and schematization.|Feature completion in computer-human interactive learning
09779180|In one aspect, there is provided a method. The method may include intercepting a request including one or more select queries sent to a database; generating a parametric form for each of one or more select queries; processing the parametric form to determine whether the one or more select queries cause an n-query issue comprising multiple selects, when executed at the database; and indicating an exception, when the one or more select queries cause the n-query issue. Related systems, methods, and articles of manufacture are also disclosed.|Detection of the N-queries via unit test
09779190|Methods for compensating for the warp exhibited by three-dimensional glass covers as a result of ion exchange strengthening are provided. The methods use a computer-implemented model to predict/estimate changes to a target three-dimensional shape for the 3D glass cover as a result of ion exchange strengthening. The model includes the effects of ion exchange through the edge of the 3D glass cover. In an embodiment, the inverse of the predicted/estimated changes is used to produce a compensated (corrected) mold which produces as-molded parts which when subjected to ion exchange strengthening have shapes closer to the target shape than they would have had if the mold had not been compensated (corrected).|Compensated molds for manufacturing ion exchange strengthened, 3D glass covers
09779361|A method detects anomalies in time series data, by first learning a final set of exemplars by summarizing training time series data using a divide-and-conquer procedure. Then, for each window of testing time series data, a distance to a nearest exemplar in the final set of exemplars is determined, wherein the distance is an anomaly score. Finally, an anomaly is signaled when the anomaly score for a window is greater than a threshold.|Method for learning exemplars for anomaly detection
09779370|One embodiment of the present invention provides a system for detecting anomalous correlations between public and private activities of a user. During operation, the system collects public and private activity data associated with the user. The system generates a series of feature pairs, each feature pair including a public feature vector and a private feature vector generated from the activity data. Each respective feature pair corresponds to a respective point in time. The system generates a model to determine whether there is an anomaly in a correlation between the user's public and private activity data. The model is associated with a normal correlation between the user's public and private activity data over a period of time. The system collects additional public and private activity data and applies the model to determine whether there is an anomaly. The system may issue an alert in response to detecting an anomaly.|Monitoring user status by comparing public and private activities
09780710|Wind farms and methods for operating wind farms are provided. A wind farm includes a plurality of wind turbine generators. A method includes determining an available reactive power value for each of the plurality of wind turbine generators. The method further includes distributing an individual reactive power command to each of the plurality of wind turbine generators. The individual reactive power command is individually tailored to each wind turbine generator of the plurality of wind turbine generators based on the available reactive power value for that wind turbine generator.|Reactive power control for wind turbine generators
09780720|A transportable, deployable power system comprising a hybrid power box containing solar panels, wind turbine(s), fuel cells, fuel reformers, and other energy sources. The system could also include waste water and potable water inlet and outlet ports for water treatment. It will also allow for shelf mounted solar and wind turbine installation for disaster recovery, backup power for telecommunication, military power, Homeland Security power, off grid homes and water and wastewater packaging domestically and internationally. The present invention is ideal for any situation requiring immediate power and/or water treatment, such as remote construction sites or in emergency situations. The hybrid power box can be mounted to a standard shipping truck, train, or ship, and transported over land to the desired location.|Transportable hybrid power system
09781150|Data is received that includes a plurality of samples that each characterize interception of data traffic to a computing device over a network. Thereafter, the plurality of samples characterizing the interception of data traffic are grouped into a plurality of clusters. At least a portion of the samples are labeled to characterize a likelihood of each such sample as relating to an unauthorized interception of data traffic. Each cluster is assigned with a label corresponding to a majority of samples within such cluster. At least one machine learning model is trained using the assigned labeled clusters such that, once trained, the at least one machine learning model determines a likelihood of future samples as relating to an unauthorized interception of data traffic to a corresponding computing device.|Man in the middle attack detection using active learning
09782050|A method of controlling a robot cleaner includes recognizing information on a monitoring standby position by a robot cleaner, moving to the monitoring standby position at a monitoring start time by the robot cleaner, acquiring an image, by an image acquisition unit of the robot cleaner, at the monitoring standby position, determining whether an event has occurred, by the robot cleaner, based on the image acquired by the image acquisition unit, transmitting the image acquired by the image acquisition unit to an external remote terminal when it is determined that the event occurred.|Robot cleaner and method for controlling the same
09782130|A robotic surgical system includes a track, a catheter holding device including a catheter receiving portion translatably associated with the track, a translation servo mechanism to control translation of the catheter holding device relative to the track, a catheter deflection control mechanism, a deflection servo mechanism to control the catheter deflection control mechanism, and a controller to control at least one of the servo mechanisms. The catheter receiving portion is adapted for quick installation and removal of a catheter. The catheter receiving portion may be rotatable, with a rotation servo mechanism to control the rotatable catheter receiving portion. The controller controls at least one of the deflection and rotation servo mechanisms to maintain a substantially constant catheter deflection as the catheter rotates. An introducer, which may be steerable, and an expandable, collapsible sterile tube may also be provided.|Robotic surgical system
09782230|Methods, apparatus, and systems for controlling a telesurgical system are disclosed. In accordance with a method, a first tool connected to a first manipulator of the system, and a second tool connected to a second manipulator of the system, are controlled. A swap of the tools such that the first tool is connected to the second manipulator and the second tool is connected to the first manipulator is then detected. The first tool connected to the second manipulator and the second tool connected to the first manipulator are then controlled.|Inter-operative switching of tools in a robotic surgical system
09782710|A wind turbine tower includes a door access opening in a down tower area of the tower. A hinged door panel covers the door access opening, with a ventilation opening defined through the door panel. A multi-sided intake structure, such as a box-like structure, is connected to an exterior of the door panel over the first ventilation opening. The intake structure extends transversely from the door panel and includes a top side, a bottom side, and at least two vertical sides extending between the top side and the bottom side. The vertical sides are open to air flow therethrough. The top and bottom sides may also be open to air flow therethrough. Air from multiple directions is drawn into an interior of the wind turbine tower through the intake structure and ventilation opening. A filtering system with first and second stage filters may be incorporated with any of the intake structures.|Multi-sided ventilation assembly for wind turbine tower access door
09782901|A robotic arm suction cup capable of eliminating negative pressure is provided. A robotic arm is provided with a first suction cup and a second suction cup of unequal length. Each of the first and second suction cups is connected with a Y-shaped tube. An end of the Y-shaped tube is connected with a communication tube. The communication tube is connected with a vacuum pump. Another end of the Y-shaped tube is connected with a pressure detection tube. A distal end of the pressure detection tube is connected with a pressure detector. The first and second suction cups are not coplanar, and can effectively eliminate the negative pressure between the first and second suction cups and a playing card rapidly, so that the playing card can be separated from the first and second suction cups easily for the game to go on smoothly.|Robotic arm suction cup capable of eliminating negative pressure
09783280|A double-deck airplane that facilitates passenger embarking/disembarking and cargo loading/unloading operations in order to maximize the number of flight missions carried out in a given time. The floors of its upper and lower decks are planar surfaces extending continuously inside the fuselage in at least the inner space of the fuselage intended for the payload; the lower deck is located at a height from the ground that allows carrying out passenger embarking/disembarking via equipment incorporated in the airplane without any external airport ground equipment; passenger and/or cargo compartments are distributed on the upper and/or lower decks; and the lifting structure is disposed in the airplane in a manner that none of its components crosses the upper and lower decks.|Double-deck airplane
09783281|In a preferred embodiment, a lavatory for an aircraft cabin includes a wall having a forward wall portion disposed immediately aft of and substantially conforming to an exterior aft surface of an aircraft passenger seat, that is substantially not flat in a vertical plane.|Aircraft interior lavatory
09783290|According to one embodiment, a linear control motor includes a first permanent magnet, a coil, a shaft, a first non-magnetic material, and a joint coupled between the shaft and a spool operable to convert rotations of the shaft into axial movements of the spool. The first non-magnetic material is disposed between at least one of the movable components and at least one of the static components and operable to prevent physical contact between at least one of the movable components and at least one of the static components.|Jam-tolerant rotary control motor for hydraulic actuator valve
09783291|A hybrid axial/cross-flow fan aerial vehicle includes both axial and cross-flow fan propulsion for efficient hover and forward flight performance. The axial fans provide primarily vertical thrust, while the cross-flow fan provides horizontal, as well as vertical, thrust. The vehicle takes off vertically, is capable of hover, and can fly forward by vectoring the thrust of the cross-flow fan system. This approach provides large internal cargo capacity and high forward flight speeds.|Hybrid axial/cross-flow fan multi-rotor aerial vehicle
09783300|A method and apparatus comprising a plurality of seating systems and a frame for use in a passenger aircraft. A first seating system in the plurality of seating systems may have different dimensions from a second seating system in the plurality of seating systems. A frame may be configured to be connected to the plurality of seating systems.|Aircraft seating systems
09783301|A handling system for handling objects in a vehicle comprises a storage apparatus that is positionable outside a vehicle cabin, an access device that is positionable in a vehicle cabin, and a transport device for transporting objects between the storage apparatus and the access device. The storage apparatus comprises a storage space and a connection station that is connectable to the transport device, wherein the storage apparatus comprises at least one drive device for moving carriers on which objects to be stored are held. The handling system comprises at least one guiding device that with the drive device guides the carriers on at least one circular path within the storage space. The storage space thus comprises a vertical flat shape that results in a significantly smaller reduction in the available cargo volume in a vehicle, while at the same time maximizing the design space available for passenger seats.|Handling system for handling objects in a vehicle, storage device and method for handling objects in a vehicle
09783310|An aircraft is provided and includes a fixed frame including a ledge and a seat pan on which seating elements for seating an aircraft crewperson are disposable. The seat pan includes a hinge about which the seat pan is pivotable relative to the fixed frame and a flange disposable on the ledge to establish a first pivot position for the seat pan relative to the fixed frame and a seat pan lifter coupled to the fixed frame and selectively interposable between the flange and the ledge to establish a second pivot position for the seat pan relative to the fixed frame.|Ejection seat pan lifter
09783311|The objective of the invention is to replace the rope bar of the door evacuation slide with individual connections. According to a preferred embodiment, the mechanism for arming/disarming an aircraft door evacuation slide (1, 15, 16) includes two releasable connectors (21) disposed to either side of the base of the door and each includes two half connectors (21s, 21i), a so-called upper half connector (21s, 41, 4a, 42) rigidly connected to the door (1) and having an attachment device (33) for attachment to the slide, and a so-called lower half connector (21i) fixed to the cabin floor (6). Each upper half connector (21s) includes a movable inner part controlled by a ring (43) and housed in the corresponding lower half-connector (21i). The mechanism can also include an electric motor coupled to two rods (31), each rod (31) being capable of rotating the control ring (43) of each upper half connector (21s) between two angular positions: an armed position and a disarmed position.|Method for arming/disarming an aircraft door evacuation slide and implementation mechanism
09783371|An article alignment apparatus includes an interval setting unit configured to specify a distance between articles aligned along a movement direction of a conveyor, a movement amount acquisition unit configured to acquire a movement amount of a placement portion of the conveyor from a detector, a virtual target generation unit configured to generate a virtual target which serves as a reference in positioning the article on the placement portion, before a robot executes a placement operation of the article, and a placement operation execution unit configured to place the article within the virtual target by tracking the virtual target moving together with the conveyor based on information detected by the detector.|Article alignment apparatus for aligning article on conveyor
09784181|A method for servicing a gas turbine engine includes providing access from a forward section of the gas turbine engine to a gearbox contained within a bearing compartment.|Gas turbine engine architecture with low pressure compressor hub between high and low rotor thrust bearings
09784240|The present invention relates to a reinforced blade for a wind turbine, particularly to a blade having at least one elongated reinforcing member connected inside the shell for increasing the strength of the blade, each of the at least one elongated reinforcing member having a first end and a second end and extending in a longitudinal direction between the first end and the second end and wherein the first end is connected to the upper part of the shell and the second end is connected to the lower part of the shell thereby decreasing peeling and shear stresses in the trailing edge of the blade.|Reinforced wind turbine blade
09784241|A wind turbine includes a rotor, a plurality of rotor blades coupled to the rotor, and a blade pitch control system coupled to each rotor blade. A computer-implemented method for controlling the wind turbine includes determining at least one pitch position for a first blade. The method also includes determining whether there is a malfunction of the blade pitch control system associated with the first blade. The method further includes predicting a rotor imbalance using a model of at least a portion of the wind turbine. The method also includes comparing the predicted rotor imbalance with a predetermined threshold value. The method further includes one of regulating the pitch position for the second blade such that the predicted rotor imbalance is restored to a value below the predetermined threshold and regulating a pitch position for a second blade such that the predicted rotor imbalance does not exceed the predetermined threshold.|System and method for controlling a wind turbine
09790770|The present disclosure provides a technique for determining performance data for hydrocarbon reservoirs using data storage, an output device and one or more processors. A heterogeneous multi-dimensional model of at least a portion of the hydrocarbon reservoir divided into cells is obtained. Each cell has a volume and one or more other attributes. A diffusive time of flight is calculated based upon the heterogeneous multi-dimensional model. The heterogeneous multi-dimensional model is transformed to an equivalent homogeneous one-dimensional model by defining the diffusive time of flight as a spatial variable. The performance data for the hydrocarbon reservoir is determined based on the equivalent homogeneous one-dimensional model, and the performance data is provided to the output device.|Determining performance data for hydrocarbon reservoirs using diffusive time of flight as the spatial coordinate
09790811|A gas turbine engine has a turbine section, and a housing enclosing the turbine section, with a mount structure secured to the housing for mounting and including internal flow passages for delivering air to remote locations.|Gas generator with mount having air passages
09790860|A mid-turbine frame includes an inner frame case including a fluid passage. At least one hollow spoke is attached to the inner frame case. At least one hollow spoke includes an inlet passage. A transfer tube includes a first end that forms a first connection with at least one hollow spoke and a second end forms a second connection with the inner frame case.|Cooling passages for a mid-turbine frame
09790861|A gas turbine engine nacelle assembly according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, a core casing defined about an axis; a fan nacelle mounted at least partially around the core nacelle; and a support structure extending radially from the core nacelle to the fan nacelle, wherein the support structure has a leading edge that is swept.|Gas turbine engine having support structure with swept leading edge
09790920|A rotation driving mechanism for windmill (1) includes an annular track part (2), a rotation driving part (11), and a plurality of swinging parts (15). The annular track part (2) is disposed on one of a base-side structure and a rotation-side structure, and has a track wall part (3) and first teeth (7). The rotation driving part (11) is fixed on the other of the base-side structure and the rotation-side structure. Each swinging part (15) has a swinging part body (16a) and second teeth (16b). When a rotating shaft (13) of the rotation driving part (11) is rotated so that the swinging parts (15) are swung with maintaining a predetermined phase difference thereamong, the swinging parts (15) are relatively moved with respect to the annular track part (2).|Rotation driving mechanism for windmill
09790921|A method for adjusting a power parameter of a wind turbine is disclosed. The method includes determining a load parameter indicative of a mechanical load of the wind turbine; estimating a turbulence of a wind speed based on the determined load parameter; and adjusting the power parameter relating to a power of the wind turbine based on the estimated turbulence. A system for adjusting a power parameter of a wind turbine is also described.|Method and system for adjusting a power parameter of a wind turbine
09791281|Methods, computer program products, and systems are presented. The methods include, for instance: providing a cognitive tour guide service to a group of participants for a tour with an initial route planned by participants registration information and environment information along the initial route. During the tour, real time sensory data on the participants health characteristics, change in environment are collected by a cognitive agent accompanying the group to lead the tour are relayed to a cognitive tour guide engine, and real time multi-objective optimization is modeled and performed. The participants are regrouped responsive to their respective enjoyment and circumstances of the environment and, among a set of optimal solutions, a new route for the tour is selected based on participant preference modeled and trained by participant feedback. During the tour, the cognitive tour guide engine continuously optimizes route responsive to incoming real time sensory data.|Cognitive tour guide system
09791351|Systems and methods for gas turbine combustion profile monitoring are disclosed. In one embodiment, a method for detecting an anomaly in a combustion section of a gas turbine is disclosed. The method includes receiving, from a plurality of thermal sensors disposed around an exhaust section of a gas turbine, exhaust profile data of the gas turbine. The method further analyzes the exhaust profile data to calculate statistical features associated with a peak-trough pattern. The method further determines, using a machine learning algorithm, that the statistical features are abnormal. In response to the determination, the method processes the exhaust profile data for a predetermined period of time and reports an anomaly in a combustion section of the gas turbine if the statistical features remain abnormal for the predetermined period of time.|Gas turbine combustion profile monitoring
09791771|Disclosed are a repairable photomask structure and extreme ultraviolet (EUV) photolithography methods. The structure includes a multilayer stack, a protective layer above the stack and a light absorber layer above the protective layer. The stack includes alternating layers of high and low atomic number materials and a selected one of the high atomic number material layers is different from the others such that it functions as an etch stop layer. This configuration allows the photomask structure to be repaired if/when defects are detected near exposed surfaces of the multilayer stack following light absorber layer patterning. For example, when a defect is detected near an exposed surface of the stack in a specific opening in the light absorber layer, the opening can be selectively extended down to the etch stop layer or all the openings can be extended down to the etch stop layer in order to remove that defect.|Photomask structure with an etch stop layer that enables repairs of detected defects therein and extreme ultraviolet(EUV) photolithograpy methods using the photomask structure
09791840|The invention relates to a method and device for modifying a device for cleaning a submerged surface, the device including a cleaning appliance, a control unit suitable control signals to the appliance, characterized in that a modification device is inserted onto the link between the control unit and the appliance, which modification device includes an antenna for receiving wireless request signals and a signal-processing unit for transmitting signals from the control unit to the appliance and, upon receipt of wireless request signals in the receiving antenna, for ignoring signals from the control unit, and producing and transmitting priority control signals to the cleaning appliance.|Method and device for modifying a device for cleaning a submerged surface
09791850|A numerical control system exchanges input/output signals between a numerical controller and an IO unit and the IO unit includes a first control unit that changes an idle signal output from the IO unit using an input signal as a trigger to a specific waveform pattern signal and when the specific waveform pattern signal is received, transmits the specific waveform pattern signal to a former side. The numerical controller includes a second control unit that outputs an interrupt signal when the specific waveform pattern signal is received.|Numerical control system
09792351|Various embodiments of a method, system and article of manufacture to discover relationships among a first set of elements and a second set of elements are provided. At least one metric algorithm is identified based on a metric selection parameter. A raw result is determined based on the at least one metric algorithm, a first specified structural description of the first set of elements and a second specified structural description of the second set of elements. The raw result comprises a plurality of relationship measurements and the raw result is ordered. In some embodiments, a balanced result is produced based on the raw result and a matching strategy algorithm. In other embodiments, the matching strategy algorithm is identified based on a matching strategy selection parameter.|Tolerant and extensible discovery of relationships in data using structural information and data analysis
09792521|Systems, apparatuses, and methods are provided for developing a fingerprint database and extracting feature geometries for determining the geographic location of an end-user device. A device collects, or a processor receives, a depth map of a location in a path network. A physical structure is identified within the depth map. The depth map is divided, at the physical structure, into a horizontal plane at an elevation from the road level. A two-dimensional feature geometry is extracted from the horizontal plane of the depth map using a linear regression algorithm, a curvilinear regression algorithm, or a machine learning algorithm.|Extracting feature geometries for localization of a device
09792530|A knowledge base (KB) is generated and used to classify images. The knowledge base includes a number subcategories of a specified category. Instead of obtaining images just based on a category name, structured and unstructured data sources are used to identify subcategories of the category. Subcategories that are determined to not be relevant to the category may be removed. The remaining data may be used to generate the KB. After identifying the relevant subcategories, representative images are obtained from one or more image sources based on the subcategories identified by the KB. The obtained images and the KB are then used to train an image classifier, such as a neural network or some other machine learning mechanism. After training, the neural network might, for example, classify an object within an image of a car, as a car, but also as a particular brand and model type.|Generating and using a knowledge base for image classification
09792531|Intelligent multi-scale image parsing determines the optimal size of each observation by an artificial agent at a given point in time while searching for the anatomical landmark. The artificial agent begins searching image data with a coarse field-of-view and iteratively decreases the field-of-view to locate the anatomical landmark. After searching at a coarse field-of view, the artificial agent increases resolution to a finer field-of-view to analyze context and appearance factors to converge on the anatomical landmark. The artificial agent determines applicable context and appearance factors at each effective scale.|Intelligent multi-scale medical image landmark detection
09792550|Methods and system for providing information selected from a large set of digital content to at least one user. One such method comprises receiving user context information associated with the at least one user and identifying or generating, using at least one processor executing stored program instructions, a first concept in a semantic network, the first concept representing at least a portion of the user context information. The method further comprises obtaining at least one concept, including a second concept, semantically relevant to the first concept at least in part, by synthesizing the second concept based on the first concept and at least one other concept in the semantic network; and providing information to the at least one user, wherein the information is selected by using the first concept and the at least one obtained concept semantically relevant to the first concept, wherein the first concept in a semantic network is represented by a data structure storing any data associated with a node in the semantic network.|Methods and apparatus for providing information of interest to one or more users
09792551|Described is a system and method for automated discovery of unknown patterns from multiple heterogeneous datasets in support of decision making. The system processes input data with a coarse-graining module to generate multi-scale symbolic representations of the input data having various levels of granularity. If the input data contains missing data, then values are computed for the missing data with an effective information transfer module. The multi-scale symbolic representations are sent to a local information dynamics module and a non-myopic value of information module. Previously unknown patterns in the multi-scale symbolic representations are discovered and extracted with the local information dynamics module. The previously unknown patterns and the multi -scale symbolic representations of the input data are analyzed, and the value of acquiring new input data is ranked with the non-myopic value of information module.|Multi-scale information dynamics for decision making
09792560|Systems and methods for or training as sequence tagger, such as conditional random field model. More specifically, the systems and methods train a sequence tagger utilizing partially labeled data from crowd-sourced data for a specific application and partially labeled data from search logs. Further, the systems and methods disclosed herein train a sequence tagger utilizing only partially labeled by utilizing a constrained lattice where each input value within the constrained lattice can have multiple candidate tags with confidence scores. Accordingly, the systems and methods provide for a more accurate sequence tagging system, a more reliable sequence tagging system, and a more efficient sequence tagging system in comparison to sequence taggers trained utilizing at least some fully-labeled training data.|Training systems and methods for sequence taggers
09792561|A learning method includes: counting any one of or some of the number of labels added to each of feature amount vectors included in a learning data set, the number of types of the label, the number of feature amount vectors added with the same label, and the number of data pairs used for learning of a hyperplane, by a processor; first selecting, according to a result of the counting, one or more generation methods from a plurality of previously stored generation methods that generate the data pairs from the learning data set, by the processor; generating, using the selected generation methods, the data pairs from the feature amount vectors included in the learning data set, by the processor; and first learning, using the generated data pairs, the hyperplane that divides a feature amount vector space, by the processor.|Learning method, information conversion device, and recording medium
09792681|Methods and systems for obtaining a probabilistic diagnosis based on medical images of a patient are disclosed. In exemplary embodiments, such methods include the steps of scanning some or all of a patient to obtain a medical image; evaluating the medical image for one or more designated key features; assigning discrete values to the one or more designated key features to form a patient scan key feature pattern; and transmitting the values of the one or more designated key features to a processor programmed to match the patient scan key feature pattern to one or more known disease-specific key feature patterns to create a probabilistic diagnosis and transmit the probabilistic diagnosis to a user. Associated systems include a medical imaging device that is capable of producing a medical image of some or all of a patient and a processor programmed to create a probabilistic diagnosis.|System and method for medical image analysis and probabilistic diagnosis
09792900|Various implementations disclosed herein include an expert-assisted phoneme recognition neural network system configured to recognize phonemes within continuous large vocabulary speech sequences without using language specific models ("left-context"), look-ahead ("right-context") information, or multi-pass sequence processing, and while operating within the resource constraints of low-power and real-time devices. To these ends, in various implementations, an expert-assisted phoneme recognition neural network system as described herein utilizes a-priori phonetic knowledge. Phonetics is concerned with the configuration of the human vocal tract while speaking and acoustic consequences on vocalizations. While similar sounding phonemes are difficult to detect and are frequently misidentified by previously known neural networks, phonetic knowledge gives insight into what aspects of sound acoustics contain the strongest contrast between similar sounding phonemes. Utilizing features that emphasize the respective second formants allows for more robust sound discrimination between these problematic phonemes.|Generation of phoneme-experts for speech recognition
09794350|Generating first and second probabilities of first and second presence variables, wherein the first and second probabilities are based on a historical presence data archive based on presence data obtained before a first time. The first and second probabilities further based on first and second unified presence data, which are based on raw presence data collected at a second time after the first, and first and second user profile rules that identify first and second groups of presence data sources. First presence information is obtained based on the first probability and the first user profile rules. Second presence information is obtained based on the second probability and the second user profile rules. The presence variables are selected from a group consisting of availability, willingness, location and combinations thereof, and wherein the group of presence variables allowable for release are identified by first or second user profile rules.|Managing presence in communications systems
09794541|There is provided a system and method for integrating a virtual rendering system and a video capture system using flexible camera control to provide an augmented reality. There is provided a method for integrating a virtual rendering system and a video capture system for outputting a composite render to a display, the method comprising obtaining, from the virtual rendering system, a virtual camera configuration of a virtual camera in a virtual environment, programming the video capture system using the virtual camera configuration to correspondingly control a robotic camera in a real environment, capturing a video capture feed using the robotic camera, obtaining a virtually rendered feed using the virtual camera, rendering the composite render by processing the feeds, and outputting the composite render to the display.|Video capture system control using virtual cameras for augmented reality
09795381|A stapling system comprising a housing is disclosed. The housing comprises a first rotatable drive disk. The stapling system further comprises a closure member configured to transmit a closing motion from the first rotatable drive disk to an anvil to move the anvil into a closed position. The stapling system further comprises a second rotatable drive disk, wherein the second rotatable drive disk is operable independently of the first rotatable drive disk and is configured to transmit a second operative motion. The stapling system further comprises a firing member configured to perform a firing stroke in response to the second operative motion. The stapling system further comprises a control system that assures that the closing motion and the firing stroke are separate and distinct and that prevents the firing stroke from occurring prior to the completion of the closing motion.|Robotically-controlled shaft based rotary drive systems for surgical instruments
09796041|A combination component handling and connecting device connectable to a multi-axis robot for use in moving and connecting components and subassemblies includes a housing and an actuator fixedly connected to the housing. The actuator includes an actuating link movable from a first position to a second position. Connected to the actuating link is an end effector for concurrent movement with the actuating link. The component handling and connecting device includes a clamp having a first jaw and a second jaw. The second jaw is connected to the actuating link for selectively moving the second jaw toward the first jaw operative to engage a component.|Method for component handling and connecting of components
09796051|A welding method and system (4) using a robotic arm (10), a welding robot (18) and a welding table (2) placed at an angle from horizontal to hold two C-channels (6 and 8) facing each other to maintain position and be welded together. C-channels (6 and 8) face each other to form a closed channel at increased welding speed with less materials having resulting benefits including constant welding, less distortion, and less welding material. Welding begins with restraining C-channels (6 and 8) in conjunction with the angled welding table (2). A robotic arm (10) handles C-channels (6 and 8) to move, place and restrain them relative to each other and the welding table (2). A pressing tool (12) may be a set of pressure-exerting tools (26). A welding robot (18) with a seam finding system (24) preferably welds the restrained C-channels (6 and 8) from top to bottom.|Method and tools for welding a vehicle component
09796080|Systems 1000, methods, and machine-executable coded instruction sets for the fully- and/or partly automated handling of goods. In particular, the disclosure provides improvements in the storage and retrieval of storage and delivery containers in order processing systems.|Systems and methods for order processing
09796081|A robotic snake comprising a plurality of friction anchors, a plurality of segments and a plurality of servo motors are disclosed. Each of the plurality of segments includes a first link and a second link connected at a first joint, a third link connected to the first link at a second joint, a fourth link connected to the second link at a third joint, a fifth link connected to the third link at a fourth joint. The simultaneous rotation of third link and fourth link of each of the plurality of segments results in a translational movement and/or a rotational movement. A plurality of servo motors is configured to rotate plurality of joints. The fifth link of one segment and first link of next segment of the each of the plurality of segments act as a quaternary link serially connects each of the plurality of segments.|Robotic snake
09796090|A system maintains, generates, and manages layouts that map resources to control states of a robotic apparatus. The system may receive system control queries and produce search results and contextual information in response. The system may reference the system control queries against the layouts to determine the search results and contextual information. The contextual information may include operator-interactive tools that may be used to control the robotic apparatus. To control the apparatus, the system may generate control state update messages responsive to the operator interactions. The control state update messages may be sent to a control interface of the robotic device. The robotic device may execute an action responsive the receipt of the control state update message.|System architecture for control systems via knowledge layout search
09796091|Methods, apparatus, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for selective robot deployment. In various implementations, a context of a user may be determined based at least in part on a record of one or more computing interactions associated with the user. In various implementations, a robot-performable task of the user may be identified based at least in part on the context. In various implementations, a measure of potential or actual interest of the user in deploying a robot to perform the robot-performable task may be determined. In various embodiments, the robot may be selectively deployed based on the measure of potential or actual interest.|Selective robot deployment
09796400|Methods and apparatus for real time machine vision and point-cloud data analysis are provided, for remote sensing and vehicle control. Point cloud data can be analyzed via scalable, centralized, cloud computing systems for extraction of asset information and generation of semantic maps. Machine learning components can optimize data analysis mechanisms to improve asset and feature extraction from sensor data. Optimized data analysis mechanisms can be downloaded to vehicles for use in on-board systems analyzing vehicle sensor data. Semantic map data can be used locally in vehicles, along with onboard sensors, to derive precise vehicle localization and provide input to vehicle to control systems.|Real time machine vision and point-cloud analysis for remote sensing and vehicle control
09796440|A common CRP cart for multiple vehicle models is disclosed. The common CRP cart may clamp a cowl panel, a roof rail and a package tray for assembling a vehicle body, and may move upwardly and downwardly at a working room for a build-up process. The common CRP cart may include a frame; a first aligning unit connected to one portion of the frame for clamping a cowl panel of various vehicle models having different specifications; a second aligning unit connected to another portion of the frame for clamping a roof rail of various vehicle models having different specifications; and a third aligning unit connected to the other portion of the frame for clamping a package tray of various vehicle models having different specifications.|Common CRP cart for multi vehicle model
09796470|A method of assisting a pilot in order to minimize the risks of an aircraft rolling over on the ground, the aircraft having a main rotor and a yaw movement control rotor (4), together with lateral cyclic pitch control means for the main rotor and yaw movement control means for the yaw movement control rotor. At least one measurement is taken relating to left forces exerted on a left side undercarriage and to right forces exerted on a right side undercarriage in order to evaluate asymmetry, if any, between the left and right forces, and then a recommended position (26) is determined for at least one of the yaw and lateral cyclic pitch control means in order to make the left and right forces more symmetrical. Each recommended position is displayed on a display unit.|Method and an aircraft for minimizing the risks of the aircraft toppling on the ground
09796471|A set of swashplates having a non-rotary swashplate and a rotary swashplate. The set includes drive means constraining the rotary swashplate and the rotor mast in rotation about the axis of rotation. The drive means are provided with a drive arm driving the rotary swashplate in rotation about the axis of rotation by plane connection means including a fork, the drive arm extending in elevation from a first end to a second end that is fastened to the rotor mast, the first portion being held captive laterally between two lateral branches of the fork, the fork being hinged to the rotary swashplate by movement means giving the rotary swashplate a degree of freedom to move in rotation about a radial direction of the rotary swashplate relative to the fork.|Set of swashplates for controlling the pitch of rotor blades, a rotor and an aircraft having such a set
09797310|A turbomachine includes a compressor having an inter-stage gap between adjacent rows of rotor blades and stator vanes. A combustor is connected to the compressor, and a turbine is connected to the combustor. An intercooler is operatively connected to the compressor, and includes a first plurality of heat pipes that extend into the inter-stage gap. The first plurality of heat pipes are operatively connected to a first manifold, and the heat pipes and the first manifold are configured to transfer heat from the compressed airflow from the compressor to heat exchangers. A cooling system is operatively connected to the turbine, and includes a second plurality of heat pipes located in the turbine nozzles. The second plurality of heat pipes are operatively connected to a second manifold, and the heat pipes and the second manifold are configured to transfer heat from the turbine nozzles to the heat exchangers.|Heat pipe temperature management system for a turbomachine
09797311|A thermal system for a gas turbine engine includes a bypass flow duct and a compressor flow duct which meets with the bypass flow duct at an intersection. A valve is located within the intersection and is movable between a first position and a second position. First position is operable to selectively communicate fan bypass flow from the bypass flow duct and block the compressor flow duct. The second position is operable to selectively block the bypass flow duct and communicate bleed flow through the compressor flow duct.|Integrated thermal system for a gas turbine engine
09797370|A blade for a wind turbine can include an elongated and curved sheet having a curved root, a curved tip, a leading edge, and a trailing edge. The root and the tip can be rotated relative to each other such that the blade is twisted along its length. The root can include an edge having curved projections, the curved projections being distributed along a curvature of the root. A wind turbine can include a mounting element and a plurality of turbine blades. Each turbine blade can be attached to the mounting element closer to the trailing edge than to the leading edge such that an intersection of the leading edge and the root projects upstream from the wind turbine. A wind turbine generator assembly for converting wind into electrical energy can include a wind turbine and a generator. In addition, a support structure can support the wind turbine and generator.|High torque wind turbine blade, turbine, and associated systems and methods
09797371|An assembly of rotor blades and hub for a turbine, such as a tidal current turbine. Each rotor blade includes a cavity and at least two ribs extending into the cavity at a radially inward (lower) region of the rotor blade. The hub includes a journal for each blade and the journal extends into the cavity and is supported by the at least two ribs.|Rotor blade for a turbine
09797381|Lightning protection system (LPS) with an integrated anti-icing system for wind turbine blades that comprises a smart protection system (10), an integrated IPS characterized by some conductive sheets (13) embedded in the carbon laminate of the wind turbine blade (1), some overvoltage dischargers (11) installed between the conductive sheets (13) of the IPS and the downlead cable (2) for the lightning protection system (LPS) and an external receptor frame (17).|Lightning protection system with integrated anti-icing system for wind turbine blades
09797701|A method and apparatus for aligning an input shaft of a wind turbine generator with an output shaft of a wind turbine are disclosed. Preferably, the method includes placing a push plate of a wind turbine alignment tool into pressing contact with a selected support flange of a wind turbine generator identified by a misalignment measurement device. With the push plate positioned, an indexing means of the wind turbine alignment tool is advanced along an adjustment link member of the wind turbine alignment tool to impart an alignment force onto the selected support flange to align the input shaft of the wind turbine generator with the output shaft of the wind turbine. The method preferably concludes by rechecking the alignment of the input shaft of the wind turbine generator with the output shaft of the wind turbine.|Method and apparatus for aligning a wind turbine generator
09798321|Described embodiments include a system, method, and apparatus. A system includes a package management system for operating a robotic vehicle configured to transport consumer items selected by a human shopper from a consumer shopping environment and placed in the robotic vehicle. The package management system includes circuitry for recognizing an individual human shopper placing a consumer item in the robotic vehicle. The package management system includes circuitry for routing the robotic vehicle along a path following the recognized individual human shopper through the consumer shopping environment. The package management system includes circuitry for suspending the shopper-following movement of the robotic vehicle in response to suspension criteria. The package management system includes circuitry for resuming the shopper-following movement of the robotic vehicle in response to resumption criteria.|Package management system for robotic vehicles
09798690|A connection equipment (IJB 200) for connected to a control system (205) via a cable (206) and a field device (201) via a terminal port (306), comprising: a processor (300) configured to determine the terminal port corresponding to the field device reference included in a communication signal received from the control system and to instruct a transmitter/receiver (304) to transmit the communication signal to the terminal port determined, and an isolator (305B) configured to electrically isolate the communication signal to be transmitted to the field device via the terminal port and the electric power signal to be provided to the field device via the terminal port, from the other terminal ports.|Connection equipment and a field device control system
09798750|An industrial control system includes a download verification subsystem to execute a verification test using the parameters stored in a configuration database before an execution subsystem downloads the recipe parameters to the input/output addresses of a piece of equipment to determine a first verification value. The download verification subsystem executes the verification test using the recipe parameters downloaded to the piece of equipment to determine a second verification value. The download verification subsystem compares the first and second verification values to determine whether the recipe parameters were downloaded to the input/output addresses of the piece of equipment successfully.|Parameter download verification in industrial control system
09798751|A method and apparatus for constructing a neuroscience-inspired dynamic architecture (NIDA) for an artificial neural network is disclosed. The method comprises constructing, in one embodiment, an artificial neural network embodiment in a multi-dimensional space in memory such that a neuron is connected by a synapse to another neuron. The neuron and the synapse each have parameters and have features of long-term potentiation and long-term depression. Furthermore, crossover and mutation are employed to select children of parents. Through learning, an initial network may evolve into a different network when NIDA is applied to solve different problems of control, anomaly detection and classification over selected time units. The apparatus comprises in one embodiment a computational neuroscience-inspired artificial neural network with at least one affective network coupled to receive input data from an environment and to output data to the environment.|Method and apparatus for constructing a neuroscience-inspired artificial neural network
09798890|The present invention provides methods for using abstractions of people, including dynamic and static groups of people, to enhance the efficiency of the specification and automation of policies for sharing information between users with a "need-to-know." An instance of the present invention can also provide these users information based on a "time-to-know." By providing access to information based on group affiliation and properties of the content of the information, the present invention maintains optimal information privacy while minimizing encumbrances to sharing data with appropriate users and even at appropriate times. The present invention can be integrated with other communication technologies to facilitate access to information in a time appropriate manner. Other instances of the present invention employ automated and semi-automated, mixed-initiative techniques, to make information-sharing decisions. Additional instances of the present invention include the employment of machine-learning techniques to facilitate construction of access policies from the actions or profile of a single user or a community of users, including the construction of automated sharing agents that work in an automated or mixed-initiative manner to respond to real-time requests for information.|Abstractions and automation for enhanced sharing and collaboration
09798971|Provided us a visual cortical circuit apparatus comprising: a current mirror unit which uses a transistor as a current source to generate a current having the same size as that of a reaction; a transconductance unit which takes, as an input, the current generated by the current mirror unit and outputs a voltage using a transconductance; and a buffer unit for converting the voltage output from the transconductance unit into a current and buffering the current.|Visual cortical circuit apparatus, visual cortical imitation system and object search system using visual cortical circuit apparatus
09798980|Techniques disclosed herein describe inferring user interests based on metadata of a plurality of multimedia objects captured by a plurality of users. An analysis tool receives, for each of the users, metadata describing each multimedia object in the plurality of objects associated with that user. Each multimedia object includes one or more attributes imputed to that object based on the metadata. The analysis tool identifies one or more concepts from the one or more attributes. Each concept includes at least a first attribute that co-occurs with a second attribute imputed to a first multimedia object. The analysis tool associates a first one of the plurality of users with at least one of the concepts based on the attributes imputed to multimedia objects associated with the first one of the plurality of users.|Method for inferring latent user interests based on image metadata
09798981|Example embodiments disclosed herein relate to determining malware. A set of tokens is generated from an application under test, A set of signal tokens is generated from the set of tokens. A likelihood of malware is determined for the application under test based on the signal tokens and a signal token database.|Determining malware based on signal tokens
09799041|A method includes determining a plurality of data points, determining a distance between each data point and each of the other plurality of data points, choosing a first one of the plurality of data points, identifying all of the other plurality of data points within a maximum distance of the chosen data point, repeating steps the previous steps to choose a different one of the plurality of data points until all of the data points have been chosen, identifying one or more clusters each having a predefined minimum number, K, of data points within a predefined search radius and analyzing the one or more clusters with respect to K linkages.|Method and apparatus for interactive evolutionary optimization of concepts
09800091|An aerial platform receives power in the form of light, for example laser light, transmitted via an optical fiber from a remote optical power source. The platform comprises a receiver which converts at least a portion of the light to a different form of power, for example electric power. The platform also comprises a propulsion element which consumes the different form of power to generate propulsive thrust. Supplying power to the aerial platform from a remote source enables the platform to remain aloft longer than a battery or fuel tank carried by the platform would allow. Transmitting the power in the form of light is preferable in many cases to transmitting electric power, because electrical conductors are generally heavier than optical fibers, and are hazardous in the presence of lightning or a high-voltage power line.|Aerial platform powered via an optical transmission element
09801690|A synthetic representation of a tool for display on a user interface of a robotic system. The synthetic representation may be used to show force on the tool, an actual position of the tool, or to show the location of the tool when out of a field of view. A three-dimensional pointer is also provided for a viewer in the surgeon console of a telesurgical system.|Synthetic representation of a surgical instrument
09802310|A robot is provided. A measurement unit measures an object in a space. An own-position estimation unit calculates an own position of a mobile unit moving through the space by matching measurement data acquired by the measurement unit with map data representing information about the object in the space. A classification unit acquires class-based measurement data obtained by classifying the measurement data into at least two predetermined classes. A class-based own-position estimation unit estimates an own position of the mobile unit for each of the at least two predetermined classes by matching a class-based map having a position of the objects recorded therein for each class with the class-based measurement data. An integration unit configured to integrate the own positions estimated for the respective at least two predetermined classes. A control unit controls the mobile unit based on information from the integration unit.|Mobile robot estimating own position using a class-based own-position estimation unit
09802311|A control system, method and computer program product cooperate to assist control for an autonomous robot. An interface receives recognition information from an autonomous robot, said recognition information including candidate target objects to interact with the autonomous robot. A display control unit causes a display image to be displayed on a display of candidate target objects, wherein at least two of the candidate target objects are displayed with an associated indication of a target object score.|Display control device, display control method, computer program product, and communication system
09802320|Provided is an excellent robot device capable of preferably detecting difference between dirt and a scratch on a lens of a camera and difference between dirt and a scratch on a hand. A robot device 100 detects a site in which there is the dirt or the scratch using an image of the hand taken by a camera 305 as a reference image. Further, this determines whether the detected dirt or scratch is due to the lens of the camera 305 or the hand by moving the hand. The robot device 100 performs cleaning work assuming that the dirt is detected, and then this detects the difference between the dirt and the scratch depending on whether the dirt is removed.|Robot device, method of controlling robot device, computer program, and program storage medium
09802321|Provided is a mini integrated control device including a first control unit for receiving large-scale sensor data generated while an autonomous driving robot is operated and performing large-scale calculations in parallel, a second control unit for performing the large-scale calculations in parallel together with the first control unit, a micro control unit for monitoring a state of power of the robot, monitoring obstacles located near the robot, controlling a motor of the robot, controlling a relay module of the robot, and communicating with the first control unit, and a power supply for controlling supply of power.|Mini integrated control device
09802341|A driving apparatus is disclosed which has a movable part, a measuring device measuring a position of the movable part, two actuators respectively generating two thrusts which have a common axis of action thereof with respect to the movable part, and a controller that controls the position by the two actuators based on output of the measuring device. The controller obtains information of at least one of a thrust constant of one of the two actuators, a thrust constant of the other of the actuators, and rigidity of a member which supports the movable part with respect to the axis of action, based on a relationship between disturbance force estimated from thrust commands for the two actuators and an output of the measuring device in a case where the one actuator generates a thrust and the other actuator controls the position, and a thrust command for the one actuator.|Driving apparatus, lithography apparatus, and method of manufacturing an article
09802661|Systems, apparatus and methods to implement sectional design (e.g., in quadrants) of an autonomous vehicle may include modular construction techniques to assemble an autonomous vehicle from multiple structural sections. The multiple structural sections may be configured to implement radial and bilateral symmetry. A structural section based configuration may include a power supply configuration (e.g., using rechargeable batteries) including a double-backed power supply system. The power supply system may include a kill switch disposed on a power supply (e.g., at an end of a rechargeable battery). The kill switch may be configured to disable the power supply system in the event of an emergency or after a collision, for example. The radial and bilateral symmetry may provide for bi-directional driving operations of the autonomous vehicle as the vehicle may not have a designated front end or a back end.|Quadrant configuration of robotic vehicles
09802690|A cargo airship is disclosed. The cargo airship may include a hull configured to contain a gas and at least one propulsion assembly coupled to the airship and including a propulsion device. The cargo airship may further include a payload bay comprising an external cargo area located outside of the hull. The cargo airship may also include a cargo handling system including at least one hoisting mechanism configured to lift cargo into the external cargo area while the airship is hovering.|Cargo airship
09802691|A buoyant aerial vehicle includes a buoyant vehicle body in which gas having a specific gravity smaller than air is hermetically filled, a vertical propulsion propeller which provides vertical propulsive force, and a horizontal propulsion propeller which provides horizontal propulsive force The buoyant vehicle body is configured with flotation chambers and connecting portions. The flotation chambers are arranged at positions point-symmetric with respect to a center of the buoyant vehicle body. Central portions of the flotation chambers are bulged in a side view and the connecting portions connect the flotation chambers. The connecting portions are formed in a flat shape thinner than the central portions of the flotation chambers such that wind passages along which the air flows are formed on the connecting portions, and the wind passages are oriented in at least two directions in the plan view.|Buoyant aerial vehicle
09802700|A rotary aircraft includes a cylindrical enclosure configured to form an open housing with a top opening and a bottom opening; a hover disc disposed within the open housing of the cylindrical enclosure and configured to direct airflow entering through the top opening, the hover disc forming a center opening; and a fan extending through the center opening of the hover disc and configured to direct airflow through the hover disc.|VTOL rotary aircraft and method of use
09802711|An ice resistant structure is provided which includes a self-supporting, structural platform, a retaining, protective layer and a subsurface anti-icing (AI) and/or de-icing (DI) layer. The retaining, protective layer is disposed over the self-supporting, structural platform. The subsurface anti-icing (AI) and/or de-icing (DI) layer is located between the self-supporting, structural platform and the retaining, protective layer. The subsurface Al and/or DI layer is a functional layer such that an Al and/or DI agent is released to a surface of the retaining protective layer by an activation mechanism responsive to a change in an environmental condition.|Multi-layer de-icing skin for aircraft platforms
09802720|An apparatus and method for maintaining a pattern of non-rigid objects in a desired position and orientation. The first surface, second surface, and third surface are mutually orthogonal and meet at a point to form a lowest corner. The second and third surfaces are supported by, attached to and extend at least somewhat vertically from the apparatus. The first surface is oriented at an angle to a plane running through a bottom of the apparatus and thereby provides the lowest corner.|Apparatus and method for maintaining a pattern of non-rigid objects in a desired position and orientation
09803550|A gas turbine engine comprises a shaft assembly including a hollow shaft of the gas turbine engine and a plug connected to the inlet end of the shaft. The hollow shaft has a shaft bore having a bore diameter. The hollow shaft has an inlet end for receiving a first portion of an incoming air flow. The plug has a plug bore therethrough, and an inlet end having an inlet diameter. The inlet diameter of the plug is smaller than the bore diameter. The plug includes a deflection surface adapted to deflect a second portion of the incoming air flow away from the shaft bore. A plug for connecting to an end of a hollow shaft of a gas turbine engine and s method of controlling a flow of fluid through a shaft having a bore therethrough of a gas turbine engine are also presented.|Shaft assembly of a gas turbine engine and method of controlling flow therein
09803560|A method for tuning a combustor of a gas turbine engine based on one or more monitored operating conditions is provided. One or more operating conditions of the gas turbine engine are monitored. The monitored operating conditions may include, for example, a low frequency tone, a high frequency tone, and a ratio of the low frequency tone to the high frequency tone. It is determined whether the ratio of the low frequency tone to the high frequency tone is within a first predefined normal range. If the ratio of the low frequency tone to the high frequency tone is within the first predefined normal range, a determination is made not to tune the gas turbine engine. But, if the ratio of the low frequency tone to the high frequency tone is not within the first predefined normal range, a determination is made to tune the gas turbine engine.|Dynamic tuning of a gas turbine engine to detect and prevent lean blowout
09803561|Various embodiments include a system having: at least one computing device configured to tune a set of gas turbines (GTs) by performing actions including: commanding each GT in the set of GTs to a base load level, based upon a measured ambient condition for each GT; commanding each GT in the set of GTs to adjust a respective output to match a nominal mega-watt power output value, and subsequently measuring an actual emissions value for each GT; adjusting an operating condition of each GT in the set of GTs based upon a difference between the respective measured actual emissions value and a nominal emissions value at the ambient condition; and calculating a degradation for each GT in the set of GTs over a period.|Power output and emissions based degraded gas turbine tuning and control systems, computer program products and related methods
09803620|A wind turbine comprises a hub, a blade rotatably mounted to the hub, and a pitch system. The pitch system includes a support, a first drive configured to rotate the blade relative to the support, a second drive configured to rotate the support relative to the hub. The support is configured to be selectively fixed relative to the blade and the hub such that the first or second drive may be used to pitch the blade. A method of pitch corresponding to this operation is provided.|Pitch system for a wind turbine
09803621|The present invention relates to methods, apparatus and computer program products for controlling a wind turbine that comprises a nacelle and one or more turbine blades to reduce or prevent edgewise vibrations building up on the one or more turbine blades. It is identified 202 whether the nacelle is unable to yaw to an upwind position and initiating a corrective action 203 to prevent edgewise vibrations building up on the one or more turbine blades if the nacelle is unable to yaw to an upwind position.|Wind turbine control
09803691|A rotating electrical machine includes an outer housing; a drive shaft rotatably mounted within the outer housing; a bearing supporting the drive shaft relative to the outer housing, wherein the outer housing includes a support surface confronting the bearing and the bearing includes a bearing surface confronting the support surface, and further wherein a region defined between the support surface and the bearing surface has a lubrication layer; and a lubrication flow path configured to direct a lubricant to the bearing, wherein the lubrication flow path is in fluid communication with the region between the support surface and the bearing surface so as to replenish the lubrication layer. A method of lubricating a bearing for a rotating electrical machine is also disclosed. The rotating electrical machine may be a generator for a wind turbine.|Rotating electrical machine having improved bearing lubrication and associated methods
09803800|A displacement mechanism includes a base, three rails, three arm assemblies, a moving platform, and three parallel linkage assemblies. The rails stand on the base. Each of the arm assemblies has a first end and a second end. The first ends are slidably connected to the rails, respectively. Each of the arm assemblies is configured to swing in a space among the rails. The moving platform is parallel to the base. Two ends of each of the parallel linkage assemblies are connected to the second end of the corresponding arm assembly and the moving platform in a multidirectional rotating way, respectively. Each of the arm assemblies substantially extends away from the base from the corresponding rail, and each of the parallel linkage assemblies substantially extends toward the base from the second end of the corresponding arm assembly.|Displacement mechanism
09804600|Example systems and methods for estimating a ground plane are provided. An example method may include determining an orientation of a body of a robotic device with respect to a gravity aligned reference frame. The method may also include determining the location of one or more contact points between the robotic device and a ground surface. The method may also include determining a ground plane estimation of the ground surface based on the determined orientation of the robotic device with respect to the gravity aligned reference frame and the determined locations of the one or more contact points. The method may also include determining a distance between the body of the robotic device and the determined ground plane estimation. The method may also include providing instructions to adjust a position and/or orientation of the robotic device based on the determined distance and the determined ground plane estimation.|Systems and methods for ground plane estimation
09805031|User interfaces receive a first plurality of user queries and result sets that are in a category, exhibit a constraint, and exhibit user behavior. Also received are a second plurality of user queries and result sets that that are in the category, exhibit the constraint, and exhibit user behavior. The second user queries and results are received either from a plurality of user interfaces coupled to a second system, or from the second system itself. Responsive to detecting that the first plurality of user queries and result sets and the second plurality of user queries and result sets satisfy respective thresholds, a signal indicates that at least one of the first plurality of user queries and at least one of the second plurality of user queries are translations of each other.|Automatic extraction of multilingual dictionary items from non-parallel, multilingual, semi-structured data
09805301|Described is a system for dynamic background estimation which utilizes Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). The present invention comprises a system, method, and computer program product for accurate estimation of a background mask corresponding to a dynamically changing scene. The system is configured to construct a background template model of a scene, and then capture an image of a current view of the scene with a camera. Thereafter, the system generates an image-based template matching cost function as an optimization problem, where the objective is to identify and fit a corresponding subregion of the background template model to the current camera view. The cost function is optimized using a PSO search algorithm. Finally, the system is configured to generate the corresponding subregion of the background template model for display. The inherent efficiency of PSO makes this system conducive for use in applications requiring real-time background estimation.|Dynamic background estimation for video analysis using evolutionary optimization
09805310|A method, article comprising machine-readable instructions and apparatus that processes data systems for encoding, decoding, pattern recognition/matching and data generation is disclosed. State subsets of a data system are identified for the efficient processing of data based, at least in part, on the data system's systemic characteristics.|Utilizing spatial statistical models to reduce data redundancy and entropy
09805311|Generally provided herein is a predictive policing system including at least one crime prediction server constructed to process historical crime data to produce a crime forecast assigning at least one geographic region to at least one crime type for use in crime prevention, deterrence, and disruption practices.|Event forecasting system
09805371|A user may respond to a request of another user by entering text, such as a customer service representative responding to a customer. Suggestions of responses may be provided to the responding user so that the responding user may use a suggested response instead of entering text to provide a response. Previous messages between the two users and other information may be used to determine an appropriate suggested response. A conversation feature vector may be determined from previous messages, and response feature vectors may be determined from the conversation feature vector. The response feature vectors may be used to determine an appropriate suggested response.|Automatically suggesting responses to a received message
09806690|Relay devices and methods of use for detecting and reacting to subsynchronous oscillation events in electrical energy generation and transmission systems, such as but not limited to, subsynchronous control interactions between wind-turbine generators and series-compensated transmission lines.|Subsynchronous oscillation relay
09807161|A method disclosed may include storing event data in a physical access control system originating from a first device of a plurality of security devices in a first data area of a memory. The method may include storing event data originating from devices other than the first device in a second data area. The method may include removing the event data from the first data area to prevent the first data area from occupying more than a first memory space and removing the event data from the second data area to prevent the second data area from occupying more than a second memory space. The method may include distributing the event data from the first data area to the other devices through a network interface.|Distributed events in an access control system
09809001|Flexural digital materials are discrete parts that can be assembled into a lattice structure to produce an actuatable structure capable of coordinated reversible spatially-distributed deformation. The structure comprises a set of discrete flexural digital material units assembled according to a lattice geometry, with a majority of the discrete units being connected, or adapted to be connected, to at least two other units according to the geometry. In response to certain types of loading of the structure, a coordinated reversible spatially-distributed deformation of at least part of the structure occurs. The deformation of the structure is due to the shape or material composition of the discrete units, the configuration of connections between the units, and/or the configuration of the lattice geometry. Exemplary types of such actuatable structures include airplane wing sections and robotic leg structures. An automated process may be employed for constructing an actuatable structure from flexural digital materials.|Flexural digital material construction and transduction
09809300|In response to a torque that is applied to a clutch module not exceeding a torque threshold, the clutch module is locked where a blade is configured to be at a first pitch angle in response to the clutch module being locked. In response to the torque that is applied to the clutch module exceeding the torque threshold, the clutch module is released where the blade has a range of motion which extends from the first pitch angle to a second pitch angle in response to the clutch module being released.|Torque-sensitive locking and release mechanism for a bistable pitch propeller
09809301|The invention relates to an actuator (4) for controlling a flight control surface (3) of an aircraft, comprising:-a primary route (5) comprising a first member (8) for generating a first torque, and a first drive shaft (10) having an end (18) able to be connected to the first member (8) and an end (19) able to be connected to the control surface (3),-a secondary route (6) comprising a second member (24) for generating a second torque and a second drive shaft (26) having an end (45) able to be connected to the second member (24) and an end (46) able to be connected to the control surface (3), in which actuator the second drive shaft (10) is hollow and extends around the first drive shaft (26).|Actuator for controlling a flight control surface
09810151|A turbine of a gas turbine engine with a rotor and a stator forming a rim cavity, where the rotor includes a turbine rotor blade with a cooling air channel opening into the rim cavity, and a centrifugal impeller rotatably connected to the rotor in which the centrifugal impeller discharges pressurized cooling air into the rim cavity to improve the rim cavity seal and to supply pressurized cooling air to the rotor blade cooling air channel.|Turbine last stage rotor blade with forced driven cooling air
09810200|The invention regards an apparatus or method for controlling the profile of a blade on a wind turbine having at least a first blade and a second blade, the first blade comprise at least one first sensor system adapted to determine a first blade state and the second blade comprise at least one second sensor system adapted to determine a second blade state, wherein the profile of the second blade is controlled based on the determined first blade state and the determined second blade state.|Method for controlling a profile of a blade on a wind turbine
09810201|A wind compressor system having one or more wind turbines and a plurality of wind compressors located proximate the one or more wind turbines. The wind compressors optimize the energy created by the wind turbines by redirecting and converging the wind from the wind compressor to the wind turbines. Each of the wind compressors comprises an obstruction having a size and shape adapted to converge the wind currents by means of a Venturi effect toward the one or more turbines thereby increasing the velocity and force of the wind hitting the wind turbine. A plurality of transporters coupled to the wind compressors. The transporters configured to move at least one wind compressors to a location that maximizes the force of the wind encountered by the turbine.|System and methodology for wind compression
09811060|A machine such as an industrial robot operates either in a stand-alone or in-production mode to perform a number of tests on a battery object having one of several different assembly levels and packaging geometries. The machine has selectable testing programs that correspond to various combinations of object assembly levels and geometries. The machine performs the tests either by coming into contact with a predetermined location on the conductive material of the object or viewing that location. The test results are analyzed to determining if retesting is necessary. After all of the tests are completed on an object, the tested object is assigned a grade and then sorted by grade. The tested objects may be kept at the machine location or sent on for further processing based on the assigned grade. After the testing is completed on one object, the machine tests the next object to be tested.|Automatic checking, validation, and post-processing of a battery object
09811070|A test case is executed on a product using a hardware machine, the product being configured in manufacturing according to a configuration, the test case being related to an estimation function. A set of data points resulting from the executing is collected. Using the estimation function, an estimated time needed for the executing is computed. Using the set of data points, an actual time used for the executing is computed. A determination is made whether a difference between the estimated time and the actual time is within a tolerance. Responsive to the difference not being within the tolerance, the estimation function is adjusted using the set of data points and at least one other set of data points, the other set of data points being generated by executing the test case on a second product configured according to a second configuration at a previous time.|Self-adjusting test time estimation
09811501|A local processing apparatus and a data transceiving method thereof are provided. The local processing apparatus includes a communication module configured to transceive the data with the one or more distributed storage units, a memory configured to store a program for transceiving the data and the one or more key-value data pairs, and a processor configured to execute the program, the processor confirms whether a first key-value data exists in the memory by executing the program, and determines whether to prefetch one or more key-value data corresponding to the first key-value data based on the confirmation result.|Local processing apparatus and data transceiving method thereof
09811610|Methods to automatically recognize bevel features and bevel chains in inner bounding loops and outer bounding loops of walls and bends in sheet metal models or on solid models are disclosed, which may be used for computer aided design, manufacturing, DFX, costing, etc. Recognition methods of various types of bevels and classification of bevels as V-bevel, inverted V-bevel, Y-bevel, inverted Y-bevel, X-bevel, K-bevel, generic bevels and different types of vertex bevels are disclosed. Bevel chain recognition methods that assemble the same type of bevels into bevel chains and identify the bevel chains as tangential bevel chains, non-tangential bevel chains and mixed bevel chains based on the connectivity between the bevels are disclosed. Methods to generate bevel profiles that may be used for feature recreation, feature suppression, or tool path generation for cutting features for manufacturing are disclosed.|Systems and methods for bevel feature recognition and bevel profile generation
09811630|Various downhole drilling tools designed and manufactured at least in part on evaluating respective forces acting on respective groups and sets of cutting elements during simulated engagement with the downhole end of a wellbore and drilling from a first downhole formation into a second downhole formation. Simulating forces acting on each cutting element as the cutting element contacts a downhole formation may be used to force balance downhole drilling tools during transition drilling or non-uniform downhole drilling conditions. Multilevel force balanced downhole drilling tools may be designed using five respective simulations, cutter group level, neighbor cutter group level, cutter set level, group of N (N=3 or N=4) consecutive cutters level and all cutters level. Various cutter layout procedures and algorithms may also be used to design multilevel force balanced downhole drilling tools which may drill faster with higher lateral stability, especially during downhole transiting drilling conditions.|Multilevel force balanced downhole drilling tools and methods
09811780|A system and method for identifying and predicting subjective attributes for entities (e.g., media clips, images, newspaper articles, blog entries, persons, organizations, commercial businesses, etc.) are disclosed. In one aspect, a first set of subjective attributes for a first entity is identified based on a reaction to the first entity. A classifier is trained on a set of input-output mappings, wherein the set of input-output mappings comprises an input-output mapping whose input is based on a feature vector for the first entity and whose output is based on the first set of subjective attributes. A feature vector for a second entity is then provided to the trained classifier to obtain a second set of subjective attributes for the second entity.|Identifying subjective attributes by analysis of curation signals
09811781|A time-series data prediction device includes an acquisition unit, a prediction model generation unit, and a prediction unit. The acquisition unit acquires a plurality of observation values that continue at predetermined time intervals, as a prediction data, from time-series data of an observation value of a predetermined observation target, and acquires a training data. The prediction model generation unit generates a prediction model to calculate time-series data, which is an observation value predicted based on given time-series data, using the training data. The prediction unit calculates a predicted value of an observation value using the generated prediction model and the prediction data.|Time-series data prediction device of observation value, time-series data prediction method of observation value, and program
09811820|Methods and systems are provided for supporting electronic transactions, including transactions that are provided with per-user, per-device and per-domain security across domains of multiple service providers.|Data consolidation expert system for facilitating user control over information use
09813510|A method and system for arranging service provider selection are described. A network computer system can establish a set of criteria to determine whether to display, before actually receiving an acceptance from a service provider, an assumed acceptance or a likely service provider to provide on-demand services in response to data corresponding to a request for service sent from a computing device of a user. For example, the network computer system can predetermine a likely service provider or number of matching service providers and display this information to the user in lieu of a "requesting" screen.|Network system to compute and transmit data based on predictive information
09813810|A neural network is provided for recognition and enhancement of multi-channel sound signals received by multiple microphones, which need not be aligned in a linear array in a given environment. Directions and distances of sound sources may also be detected by the neural network without the need for a beamformer connected to the microphones. The neural network may be trained by knowledge gained from free-field array impulse responses obtained in an anechoic chamber, array impulse responses that model simulated environments of different reverberation times, and array impulse responses obtained in actual environments.|Multi-microphone neural network for sound recognition
09814101|A rigid electrical raft has electrical conductors embedded in a rigid material. The electrical conductors transmit electrical signals through the rigid electrical raft, which may form part of an electrical system of a gas turbine engine. The rigid electrical raft also has electrical heating elements embedded therein. The electrical heating elements provide heat which may be used, for example, to prevent condensation and/or ice build-up and/or to raise the temperature of electrical components to be within a desired range.|Heated rigid electrical harness for a gas turbine engine
09814411|Various limb manipulation and evaluation devices are provided. The devices generally include three drives, namely a first drive configured to manipulate a first bone relative to a second bone in a first direction, a second drive configured to manipulate the first bone relative to the second bone in a second direction, a third drive configured to manipulate the first bone relative to the second bone in a second direction. The three directions are different relative to each other and in some embodiments represent three distinct axes. The devices are further configured such that at least one of the drives is mutually decoupled relative to at least one other drive, such that operation of the one drive does not affect the position or movement of the another drive. One or multiple of the drives may be decoupled. A corresponding method of operating such decoupled drives is also provided.|Robotic knee testing (RKT) device having decoupled drive capability and systems and methods providing the same
09814530|End effectors with closing mechanisms, and related tools and methods are disclosed. The disclosed end effectors may be particularly beneficial when used for minimally invasive surgery. An example surgical tool comprises a first and second jaw movable between a closed grasped or clamped configuration and an open configuration. The tool further comprises a soft grip mode for grasping the tissue at a first force during which a separation parameter between the jaws is measured, and a therapeutic clamping mode in which the jaws clamp on the body tissue at a force greater than the grasping force. The methods comprise grasping the body tissue between jaw members, measuring the separation parameter between jaws, indicating on a user interface the separation parameter for comparison to a desired separation parameter, and then releasing the body tissue for repositioning or therapeutically clamping the body tissue in response to the separation parameter indication.|Methods and systems for indicating a clamping prediction
09814640|This invention, pertaining to hospital bed, is a new concept development for automation of services for bedridden patients in the variety of environments. The novelty introduced here is the use of robotic arms affixed on hospital type bed that operates by an electric keypad on the bed side or virtually from a remote location, i.e. a nursing station in the case of a hospital stay. The best mode of operation for this invention would be hospitals, home health care or other health care facilities and settings. This invention is a ground-breaking solution for healing the shortage of trained staff in the health care system.|Robotic arm bed assist
09815161|A backlash automatic detection system comprises a control device and a machine tool. The machine tool comprises a servo driver, a lead screw, a nut seat and a platform. The method comprises: entering an initial state and outputting a control command to the servo driver through the control device; driving the lead screw by the servo driver to move the nut seat towards a first direction and changing the movement direction of the nut seat towards a reverse second direction by the servo driver; defining a backlash phenomenon period according to one time point at which the nut seat starts to move towards the second direction and another time point at which the platform is driven to move by the nut seat; defining the displacement of the nut seat corresponding to the backlash phenomenon period as a backlash value.|Backlash automatic detection system for machine tool and method using the same
09815190|The robot cleaner includes a case, a suction device provided in the case, a suction nozzle for sucking dust from a floor by driving of the suction device, a dust collection device for collecting foreign substances contained in the air sucked via the suction nozzle, a wheel unit to allow movement, a main controller for controlling the driving of the suction device and the wheel unit, a Wi-Fi module provided in the case to provide Access Point (AP), and a NFC module provided in the case to provide an external terminal with AP information for accessing to the AP through NFC communication.|Robot cleaner, robot cleaner system and control method of the same
09815191|The present disclosure is directed to methods, computer program products, and computer systems for instructing a robot to prepare a food dish by replacing the human chef's movements and actions. Monitoring a human chef is carried out in an instrumented application-specific setting, a standardized robotic kitchen in this instance, and involves using sensors and computers to watch, monitor, record and interpret the motions and actions of the human chef, in order to develop a robot-executable set of commands robust to variations and changes in the environment, capable of allowing a robotic or automated system in a robotic kitchen to prepare the same dish to the standards and quality as the dish prepared by the human chef.|Methods and systems for food preparation in a robotic cooking kitchen
09815200|A method for controlling a multiaxial jointed-arm robot. A plurality of reference data sets are recorded during a previous monitored reference travel. During an operational travel, a trajectory progress variable is established and is used to monitor the movement of the manipulator on the basis of the reference data sets.|Safe robot with trajectory progress variables
09815201|Methods for optimizing energy savings and reducing cycle time for mutating an industrial robotic path when a collision is detected. A method includes initializing a plurality of clone paths where a collision was detected, wherein a clone path is a clone of the initial path and the initial path comprises a source location, a plurality of intermediate locations, and a target location; for each clone path, determining a candidate path to store in a population, determining an optimal breed comprising the candidate path with an optimal rating, wherein the optimal rating is determined by the lowest breed rating in the population, and returning the optimal breed.|Method and apparatus for industrial robotic energy saving optimization using fly-by
09815210|A robot according to an embodiment includes a first link, a second link, an actuator, and an external gear. The second link is rotatably connected to the first link. The actuator rotationally drives the second link. The external gear is connected to the actuator. The second link includes an internal gear engaged with the external gear.|Robot
09815211|A rotary joint includes a hollow gear and a hollow wiring unit having a first flexible printed circuit board therein, to allow hose to pass through both the hollow gear and the hollow wiring unit. A robot includes the rotary joint.|Rotary joint of a robot and the robot including the same
09815510|A controller 40 for a mobile robot 1 estimates, in a climbing up or down motion of the robot 1, the difference between the actual position and attitude of a distal end portion 13 of a to-be-supported movable link 3 that has been supported by a structure A and the desired position and attitude thereof, and determines a motion target of the robot 1 such that at least either the desired relative position/attitude of the distal end portion 13 of the to-be-supported movable link 3 with respect to a base body 2 or the desired support position/attitude of the distal end portion 13 of a to-be-moved movable link 3, which is to be moved, is adjusted according to the estimated value of the difference.|Controller for mobile robot
09815550|A taxiing system for an aircraft including an undercarriage having a wheel, includes an electric motor associated with the wheel, an electric controller of the electric motor, connected to an output of an electrical power supply, and a taxiing control computer configured to determine control instructions for the electric motor and to transmit these instructions to the electric controller. The taxiing control computer is configured to receive braking of the aircraft commands during the taxiing of the aircraft and to determine control instructions for the electric motor corresponding to operation of the motor in generator mode when it receives a braking command. The electric controller is connected to an energy absorber making it possible to absorb the electric energy produced by the electric motor when the latter is operating in generator mode.|Aircraft taxiing system
09815551|Systems and methods are disclosed for aircraft braking and taxiing systems for use in, for example, an aircraft. In this regard, a system may comprise an electric motor and a clutch. The electric motor may include a first output shaft and a second output shaft. The clutch may selectively engaging the motor to at least one of a driver transmission and a brake transmission, wherein, in response to engagement with the driver transmission, the electric motor drives, exclusively, an aircraft wheel via the first output shaft, wherein, in response to engagement with the brake transmission, the electric motor drives, exclusively, a brake clamping system via the second output shaft to apply force to an aircraft brake disk stack.|Systems and methods for aircraft braking and taxiing
09815560|An aircraft including a fuselage and an aft engine is provided. The fuselage extends from a forward end of the aircraft towards an aft end of the aircraft. The aft engine is mounted to the fuselage proximate the aft end of the aircraft and includes a fan and a nacelle. The fan is rotatable about a central axis of the aft engine and includes a plurality of fan blades. The nacelle of the aft engine surrounds the plurality of fan blades and defines a bottom portion having a forward end. Additionally, the nacelle defines a curved surface at the forward end of the bottom portion, the curved surface including a reference point where the curved surface defines the smallest radius of curvature. The nacelle further defines a normal reference line extending normal from the reference point. The normal reference line defines an angle with the central axis of the aft engine greater than zero to, e.g., allow for a maximum amount of airflow into the aft engine.|AFT engine nacelle shape for an aircraft
09815561|A device for regulating the speed of rotation of at least one main rotor of a rotorcraft, which speed is known as the speed NR. Such a rotorcraft comprises at least one manual flight control member for delivering a collective pitch control setpoint C for the blades of the at least one main rotor, the control setpoint C being a function of a current position of the at least one control member; and detector means enabling a current state to be detected from at least two distinct states of the rotorcraft, namely a "ground" state in which the rotorcraft is in contact with the ground, at least in part, and a "flight" state in which the rotorcraft is at least being sustained in the air.|Device for regulating the speed of rotation of a rotorcraft rotor, a rotorcraft fitted with such a device, and an associated regulation method
09815690|A method of forming at least one Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) includes forming a beam structure and an electrode on an insulator layer, remote from the beam structure. The method further includes forming at least one sacrificial layer over the beam structure, and remote from the electrode. The method further includes forming a lid structure over the at least one sacrificial layer and the electrode. The method further includes providing simultaneously a vent hole through the lid structure to expose the sacrificial layer and to form a partial via over the electrode. The method further includes venting the sacrificial layer to form a cavity. The method further includes sealing the vent hole with material. The method further includes forming a final via in the lid structure to the electrode, through the partial via.|Planar cavity MEMS and related structures, methods of manufacture and design structures
09816440|In a damping device according to the present invention, a damping device 63 is mounted on a bypass pipe 61 that supplies an amount of high-pressure air to a combustor transition piece 33. The damping device 63 includes a fluid introducing unit 71 that forms a fluid introduction space B by covering an outer peripheral portion of the bypass pipe 61, a plurality of acoustic boxes 73a and 73b that forms resonance spaces Da and Db with the base portions connected to the fluid introducing unit 71 and the end portions extending along the outer peripheral portion of the bypass pipe 61 in the circumferential direction, and partition plates 74a and 74b that form resonance ducts Ea and Eb of a predetermined length by partitioning the resonance spaces Da and Db.|Damping device and gas turbine combustor
09816441|An engine accessory system for a gas turbine engine includes a first accessory component defined along an accessory axis and a second accessory component mounted to the first accessory component along the accessory axis.|Gas turbine engine with stacked accessory components
09816461|An exhaust centerbody for a turbine engine is provided. The centerbody includes a truncated downstream part, which is connected to an upstream part by an annular ridge marking a discontinuity between the outer surfaces of the upstream and downstream parts. The outer surface of the downstream part has a substantially conical general shape, of which the tip is oriented downstream and is positioned in the region of the axis A, the axial half-section of this outer surface defining a line of which the upstream end part is substantially tangential to a straight line passing through the ridge and forming a non-zero angle a with a tangent to the outer surface of the upstream part, in the region of the ridge, and of which the downstream end part is substantially tangential to a straight line passing through the tip and forming a non-zero angle ß with the axis A.|Exhaust centerbody for a turbine engine
09816880|A component of a machine. The component has a measuring fixture for measuring forces and at least one metallic, magnetic portion. The measuring fixture includes at least one field-generating member for producing an electromagnetic alternating field and at least one detection member for detecting changes of the magnetic field produced. The field-generating member and the detection members are arranged on the metallic, magnetic portion and are designed to interact with the metallic, magnetic portion in such manner that by way of the measuring fixture, as a function of measurement signals from the detection member, forces acting on and/or deformations of the component can be detected.|Device having a measuring apparatus for measuring forces and/or loads
09817100|An array of microphones placed on a mobile robot provides multiple channels of audio signals. A received set of audio signals is called an audio segment, which is divided into multiple frames. A phase analysis is performed on a frame of the signals from each pair of microphones. If both microphones are in an active state during the frame, a candidate angle is generated for each such pair of microphones. The result is a list of candidate angles for the frame. This list is processed to select a final candidate angle for the frame. The list of candidate angles is tracked over time to assist in the process of selecting the final candidate angle for an audio segment.|Sound source localization using phase spectrum
09817390|An electronic control system is programmed to control movement of a cutting tool relative to a rotating workpiece. After engagement of the stock, the tool is controlled to follow a curved path until the cutting surface of the tool reaches a predetermined depth of cut in the stock. The tool is then controlled to follow a straight/linear path, with the cutting surface of the tool engaged with the stock at said predetermined depth of cut. The control system varies the feed rate as the tool rolls into cut along a known path of curvature, to control the thickness of the material which is removed as the tool rolls into cut, e.g. to induce fracture as the material begins to coil. The feed rate as the tool rolls into cut is programmed to vary in relation to an arc of engagement between a cutting surface of the cutting tool and the stock into which the cutting tool is being moved.|Method for machining a workpiece
09817391|An industrial control system providing security against tampering or modification generates periodic state thumbprints defining a state of control elements that may be forwarded to a security or safety appliance for comparison to a benchmark thumbprint indicating no tampering. The transmitted state thumbprint may capture not only programs but also configuration and environmental states of the control element.|Security system for industrial control infrastructure
09817471|An image transmitted, through a network, from any of at least one terminal having a function of capturing an image or obtaining an image from another device is obtained. A probability that the obtained image includes a certain imaging target is calculated. If the probability is higher than a first threshold, information indicating the certain imaging target is added to the image. If the probability is lower than a second threshold, the information indicating the certain imaging target is not to the image. If the probability is equal to or higher than the second threshold and if the probability is equal to or lower than the first threshold, the image and request reception information for requesting addition of the information is transmitted to the image to any of the at least one terminal through the network.|Method for adding information and server apparatus
09817681|Methods, systems, and computer program products relate to recommending settings include collecting operating parameter and usage condition data for a plurality of electronic devices from one or more databases, analyzing the data to create a predictive model to estimate predicted operating parameters based on usage conditions, applying current device usage conditions from a current device to the predictive model to determine recommended device settings, and changing current device settings based on the recommended device settings.|Real-time device settings using knowledge base
09817800|The present disclosure relates to a pre-5th-Generation (5G) or 5G communication system to be provided for supporting higher data rates Beyond 4th-Generation (4G) communication system such as Long Term Evolution (LTE). Provided are a method and apparatus for reducing the page load time in a wireless communication system. The method for page loading in a mobile terminal may include: selecting, when a page is visited, a candidate page to be pre-inspected with respect to the page; performing pre-inspection of the candidate page and determining types of objects associated with the candidate page; generating tree information for the candidate page based on a result of the determination; and computing the loading time of the candidate page based on the tree information and determining download priorities of objects that are to be downloaded when the candidate page is visited.|Method and apparatus for reducing page load time in communication system
09817900|A clothing search system provides a clothing search to users using a component-based image search. Retailer catalogs are analyzed to determine clothing components within clothing images. Features associated with the components are determined. When a user requests a clothing search, the clothing search system selects clothing based on the components and features requested by the user. The user may also provide an image to the clothing search system. The clothing search system determines components and features of the image and identifies clothing with matching components.|Interactive clothes searching in online stores
09817941|Various embodiments implement additional connectivity for electronic designs by identifying one or more regions for a route in normal connectivity of an electronic design, identifying a plurality of seeding segments from the route based at least in part upon the one or more regions, identifying a plurality of additional nodes in the plurality of seeding segments, and generating one or more additional routes connecting the plurality of additional nodes in the plurality of seeding segments. The one or more additional routes are generated without disturbing the normal connectivity including a plurality of Steiner points and the route. Additional nodes differ from Steiner points and are used to implement additional routes that belong to a different route type.|Methods, systems, and articles of manufacture for implementing high current carrying interconnects in electronic designs
09817971|Detecting computer anomalies by determining probabilities of encountering call stack configurations at various depths, the call stacks being associated with software application instances on computers having the same operating system, where snapshots of the call stacks are recorded on the computers responsive to detecting predefined software application events, determining entropies of call stack configurations at various call stack depths using their associated probabilities, determining stack frame rarity scores of call stack configurations at various depths based on their associated stack frame entropies in accordance with a predefined rarity function, determining a call stack rarity score of any given call stack configuration as the maximum stack frame rarity score of the given configuration, and detecting an anomaly associated with any given one of the computers where any of the snapshots recorded on the given computer is of a call stack whose call stack rarity score meets a predefined anomaly condition.|Using call stack snapshots to detect anomalous computer behavior
09818060|A system and method for generating a heuristic is provided. A heuristic is capable of identifying data patterns. The method includes: extracting a data set from multiple input sources; creating a set of unique elements used across the data set; organizing the data set into a geometric structure; grouping portions of the data in the geometric structure into a plurality sub geometric structures; determining base attributes for each sub geometric structure using the set of unique elements; identifying trends in the base attributes among the sub geometric structures; and outputting the heuristic as a combination of the base attributes and the trends.|System and method for generation of a heuristic
09818061|Audio sensors collaborate for geo-location and tracking of multiple users. Different users can be independently geo-located and tracked within the AI environment. Location is determined from two or more AI clients of known locations that detect an event such as a human voice command to connect a call with a specific user. Responsive to classification of the event in view of the estimated location, a command for an AI action, such as connecting a call between users, is received for a response to the event at the AI clients that detected the event, or others.|Collaboration of audio sensors for geo-location and continuous tracking of multiple users in a device-independent artificial intelligence (AI) environment
09818410|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media for learning pronunciations from acoustic sequences. One method includes receiving an acoustic sequence, the acoustic sequence representing an utterance, and the acoustic sequence comprising a sequence of multiple frames of acoustic data at each of a plurality of time steps; stacking one or more frames of acoustic data to generate a sequence of modified frames of acoustic data; processing the sequence of modified frames of acoustic data through an acoustic modeling neural network comprising one or more recurrent neural network (RNN) layers and a final CTC output layer to generate a neural network output, wherein processing the sequence of modified frames of acoustic data comprises: subsampling the modified frames of acoustic data; and processing each subsampled modified frame of acoustic data through the acoustic modeling neural network.|Speech recognition with acoustic models
09818431|The technology described herein uses a multiple-output layer RNN to process an acoustic signal comprising speech from multiple speakers to trace an individual speaker's speech. The multiple-output layer RNN has multiple output layers, each of which is meant to trace one speaker (or noise) and represent the mask for that speaker (or noise). The output layer for each speaker (or noise) can have the same dimensions and can be normalized for each output unit across all output layers. The rest of the layers in the multiple-output layer RNN are shared across all the output layers. The result from the previous frame is used as input to the output layer or to one of the hidden layers of the RNN to calculate results for the current frame. This pass back of results allows the model to carry information from previous frames to future frames to trace the same speaker.|Multi-speaker speech separation
09819261|Provided is a structure which is capable of central control of an electric device and a sensor device and a structure which can reduce power consumption of an electric device and a sensor device. A central control system includes at least a central control device, an output unit, and an electric device or a sensor device. The central control device performs arithmetic processing on information transmitted from the electric device or the sensor device and makes the output unit output information obtained by the arithmetic processing. It is possible to know the state of the electric device or the sensor device even apart from the electric device or the sensor device. The electric device or the sensor device includes a transistor which includes an activation layer using a semiconductor with the band gap wider than that of single crystal silicon.|Central control system
09819300|A machine learning apparatus according to the present invention, which learns the operation conditions of a cooling device for cooling a motor or a motor control apparatus, includes a state observer for observing a state variable including at least one of temperature data of the motor and the motor control apparatus at a specific position during operation of the cooling device; a determination data acquisition unit for acquiring determination data that determines a margin of acceptable value of a loss in each of the motor, the motor control apparatus, and the cooling device and a margin of acceptable value of the temperature of each of the motor and the motor control apparatus at the specific position; and a learner for learning the operation conditions of the cooling device in accordance with a training data set constituted of a combination of the state variable and the determination data.|Machine learning apparatus for learning operation conditions of cooling device, motor control apparatus and motor control system having the machine learning apparatus, and machine learning method
09819731|A value is distributed in a distributed computing system having a master system in communication with a plurality of worker systems. Partitions of a graph are assigned to the worker systems. The graph represents relationships among a set of tangible items that model a real-world condition having an associated problem. Configuration information is determined that describes a configuration of the distributed computing system. A distribution scheme is selected for distributing a value from the master system to the plurality of worker systems based on the configuration information. The value is distributed from the master system to the worker systems according to the selected distribution scheme. The worker systems are configured to use the value to produce an output representing a solution to the real-world problem.|Distributing global values in a graph processing system
09821461|An example method includes determining one or more first movements that begin with a robot at a first position, determining one or more second movements that begin with the robot at the first position and end with the robot standing at a second position, making a first prediction of whether one or more motors of the robot executing the one or more first movements would cause a future temperature of any of the one or more motors to exceed a threshold temperature, making a second prediction of whether the one or more motors executing the one or more second movements would cause a future temperature of any of the one or more motors to exceed the threshold temperature, and causing the one or more motors to execute either (i) the one or more first movements or (ii) the one or more second movements.|Determining a trajectory for a walking robot to prevent motor overheating
09821470|Computerized appliances may be operated by users remotely. In one exemplary implementation, a learning controller apparatus may be operated to determine association between a user indication and an action by the appliance. The user indications, e.g., gestures, posture changes, audio signals may trigger an event associated with the controller. The event may be linked to a plurality of instructions configured to communicate a command to the appliance. The learning apparatus may receive sensory input conveying information about robot's state and environment (context). The sensory input may be used to determine the user indications. During operation, upon determine the indication using sensory input, the controller may cause execution of the respective instructions in order to trigger action by the appliance. Device animation methodology may enable users to operate computerized appliances using gestures, voice commands, posture changes, and/or other customized control elements.|Apparatus and methods for context determination using real time sensor data
09821471|A hand intended for a humanoid robot comprising a palm and several fingers, each of the fingers being able to be displaced in relation to the palm between a position of rest maintained by spring effect and a compressed position obtained by driving a link part with the palm countering the spring effect, comprises a motorized shaft, linked to the link part of each of the fingers, and configured to respectively displace at least one first finger and at least one second finger, from the position of rest to the compressed position, by rotation of the motorized shaft respectively in a first direction of rotation and in an opposite direction.|Actuation of a hand to be provided on a humanoid robot
09821900|High-altitude balloons and apparatuses for filling such high-altitude balloons are provided. As an example, an apparatus for filling a high-altitude balloon includes a tube extending through envelope material of the balloon is provided. The apparatus also includes a flange connected to a first end of the tube. The flange is connected to an interior surface of the balloon. A fitting is connected to a second end of the tube. The fitting is configured for attachment with an apparatus for filling the balloon with lift gas. In addition, methods of filling high-altitude balloons with lift gas and methods of manufacturing balloons are also provided.|Filling apparatus for high-altitude balloons
09821901|A system and method for blade angle position feedback. The system comprises an annular member operatively connected to rotate with a propeller, a sensor fixedly mounted adjacent the annular member and configured for detecting a passage of each singularity as the annular member is rotated and axially displaced and for generating a sensor signal accordingly, the annular member and sensor configured for relative axial displacement between a first relative axial position and a second relative axial position respectively corresponding to the first and the second mode of operation, and a detection unit connected to the sensor for receiving the sensor signal therefrom, determining on the basis of the sensor signal a time interval elapsed between the passage of successive singularities, and computing from the time interval blade angle position.|System and method for electronic propeller blade angle position feedback
09821920|A head mounted virtual reality (VR) device including an inertial measurement unit (IMU) is located in a vehicle which may be, and sometimes is, moving. Detected motion attributable to vehicle motion is filtered out based on one or more or all of: vehicle type information, information derived from sensors located in the vehicle external to the head mounted VR device, and/or captured images including a reference point or reference object within the vehicle. An image portion of a simulated VR environment is selected and presented to the user of the head mounted VR device based on the filtered motion information. Thus, the image portion presented to the user of the head mounted VR device is substantially unaffected by vehicle motion and corresponds to user induced head motion.|Methods and apparatus for compensating for vehicular motion
09822670|A power generation system may include: a first gas turbine system including a first turbine component, a first integral compressor and a first combustor to which air from the first integral compressor and fuel are supplied. The first integral compressor has a flow capacity greater than an intake capacity of the first combustor and/or the first turbine component, creating an excess air flow. A second gas turbine system may include similar components to the first except but without excess capacity in its compressor. A turbo-expander may be operatively coupled to the second gas turbine system. Control valves may control flow of the excess air flow from the first gas turbine system to at least one of the second gas turbine system and the turbo-expander, and flow of a discharge of the turbo-expander to an inlet of at least one of the first integral compressor and the second compressor.|Power generation system having compressor creating excess air flow and turbo-expander for cooling inlet air
09822710|It is described a combustion device control unit and a combustion device, e.g. a gas turbine, which determine on the basis of at least one operating parameter whether the combustion device is in a predefined operating stage. In response hereto, there is generated a control signal configured for setting a ratio of at least two different input fuel flows to a predetermined value (psc1, psc3) for a predetermined time (dt) in case the combustion device is in the predefined operating stage.|Combustion device with pulsed fuel split
09822731|A method to reduce aerodynamic drag of a engine exhaust/engine nozzle includes collecting data that is indicative of an instant flight condition, entering the data into a decision algorithm that, based on the data, outputs at least first and second drag control parameters corresponding, respectively, to an angle of one or more variable area turbines of a turbine engine and a position of a variable area exhaust nozzle of the turbine engine, and adjusting the angle of the one or more variable area turbines and the position of the variable area exhaust nozzle according to, respectively, the first and second drag control parameters to reduce aerodynamic drag of an engine exhaust/engine nozzle of the turbine engine.|Control scheme using variable area turbine and exhaust nozzle to reduce drag
09822760|The present invention preferably relates to a joined blade rotor system having substantially a horizontal axis for a wind turbine including a number of joined blade assemblies extending substantially radially from a central hub wherein each joined blade assembly includes a first blade and a second blade or more blades in different planes that are connected by one or more brace systems to each other. Each central hub includes an operating member to effect pitch rotation of the joined blade assembly or directly the first blade pitch rotation and the second blade pitch rotation about the respective blade axis. A bearing provides a relative rotation between the first or second blade and brace strut while pitch angles change.|Joined blade wind turbine rotor
09822761|A method of manufacturing is presented. The method includes providing a plurality of structural layers comprising a plurality of composite rods, wherein at least one structural layer from the plurality of structural layers is attached to a separation layer. The method further includes stacking the plurality of structural layers, detaching the separation layer from the at least one structural layer, and curing the plurality of structural layers to form a structural component of a wind turbine blade.|Structural components and methods of manufacturing
09823651|A method and a system for re-sequencing client production orders where client-individualized JIS components have not been delivered in due time according to the planned production schedule due to disturbances or have been delivered, but are defective. Three major steps are performed. First, by the introduction of the concept of differently permutable sub-sequences, the frozen time zone is divided into a plurality of sub-sequences of different length in time wherein the length is adapted to the time variants in the re-planning process. Second, using a knowledge-based model, the consequences of a disturbance are classified to be caused either by delayed supply or by defective parts. Third, after determining the type of distortion combining the type of sub-sequence with the status of the supply leads to the generation of three possible algorithms for the re-sequencing of the client production order.|Re-sequencing of client orders under controlled just-in-sequence deliveries for avoiding production downtime and/or production rework due to missing and/or defect parts
09823781|This invention relates to sensor arrangements and signal processing architectures for touch-based user interfaces comprising multiple sensor types and other arrangements so as to create user interface output signals responsive to the touch of at least one human finger. Sensor types and other arrangements can include capacitive tactile sensor arrays, optical tactile sensor arrays, proximity sensor arrays, pressure sensor arrays, and video cameras. At least one software algorithm comprises at least one of a functional partition (wherein some user interface output signals are derived only from a pre-specified sensor), decision-based selection (wherein some user interface output signals are selectively derived from a selected sensor), or sensor-fusing (wherein user interface output signals are obtained from threshold testing, conditional testing, vector quantization, algorithms employing parameterized calculations, algorithms employing compensation calculations and operations, artificial neural networks, etc.)|Heterogeneous tactile sensing via multiple sensor types
09823901|A method and apparatus for generating functional application designs is described. The method may include receiving one or more natural language utterances corresponding to natural language design commands for editing an application being designed. The method may also include editing one or more components of the application being designed based on each of the natural language utterances. Furthermore, the method may include generating a functional instance of the application being designed.|Systems and methods for generating functional application designs
09824060|The present tool and method relate to device fault detection, diagnosis and prognosis. More particularly, the present tool and method store in a database a plurality of measured indicators representative of at least one dynamic condition of the device. The present tool and method further binarize by a processor the plurality of measured indicators, and analyze the plurality of binarized measured indicators using a machine learning data tool for extracting at least one pattern from the binarized measured indicators by adding at least one different constraint to each iteration. The at least one extracted pattern is indicative of whether the device has a fault or not.|Tool and method for fault detection of devices by condition based maintenance
09824181|The present invention relates to methods for evaluating and/or predicting the outcome of a clinical condition, such as cancer, metastasis, AIDS, autism, Alzheimer's, and/or Parkinson's disorder. The methods can also be used to monitor and track changes in a patient's DNA and/or RNA during and following a clinical treatment regime. The methods may also be used to evaluate protein and/or metabolite levels that correlate with such clinical conditions. The methods are also of use to ascertain the probability outcome for a patient's particular prognosis.|Bambam: parallel comparative analysis of high-throughput sequencing data
09824190|Systems and methods are provided for selecting one or more models for predicting medical conditions. An exemplary method may include receiving data related to a patient and extracting metadata from the received data. The method may further include selecting the one or more models from a library of models based on the extracted metadata and applying the selected one or more models. The method also may include generating a notification when the application of the selected one or more model indicates an intervention is necessary.|Systems and methods for creating and selecting models for predicting medical conditions
09824311|A liquid state machine pulse domain neural processor circuit comprising an asynchronous input filter circuit provided for, at any given time, receiving a series of analog input signals and generating in response a set of time-encoded values that depend on the series of analog input signals received at said given time and before said given time; and an asynchronous trainable readout map circuit for transforming at least a portion of said set of time encoded values into output signals.|Asynchronous pulse domain processor with adaptive circuit and reconfigurable routing
09827050|A user interface device for a surgical simulation system, comprising a rigid shaft pivotably supported by a frame, and movable in the axial direction but fixed with respect to rotation around its longitudinal axis, and a handle having a sensor body rigidly attached to said rigid shaft, and a grip portion rotatable around said longitudinal axis relative said sensor body. The handle further comprises a rotator sleeve rotatable around said longitudinal axis relative said sensor body and said grip portion, a rotation sensor adapted to detect rotation of said rotator sleeve in relation to said sensor body, and a signal interface mounted on said sensor body and connected to receive a first detection signal from said rotation sensor. Through this design, all sensor elements and electronic circuitry can be provided in or adjacent to the sensor body, leading to an efficient design and manufacturing.|User interface device for surgical simulation system
09827670|Disclosed herein are implementations that relate to determining tactile information using encoders coupled to one or more fingers of a robotic gripping device. The robotic gripping device may include a finger. The finger may include a deformable front face, a base link, a first encoder, and a second encoder. The first encoder may be coupled to the base link of the finger, and configured to detect a grip angle of the finger while the robotic gripping device is gripping an object. The second encoder may be coupled to the deformable front face of the given finger, proximate to the base link of the finger. Additionally, the second encoder may be configured to detect a bend angle of the deformable front face of the finger while the robotic gripping device is gripping the object.|Coaxial finger face and base encoding
09827671|A teaching operation supporting apparatus includes a teaching jig which makes, when a mold is stationary, tentative teaching points by touching up a groove more than once while moving along the groove and which is attached to a robot, a coordinate value calculating unit for calculating coordinate values of actual robot teaching points corresponding to the respective tentative teaching points, based on the distance between a grasping position and the bottom end of the string-like workpiece, and coordinate values of the tentative teaching points, and a speed calculating unit for calculating a lowering speed of the robot for each of portions between adjacent ones of the robot teaching points, based on distances between adjacent ones of the robot teaching points, horizontal distances between adjacent ones of the tentative teaching points corresponding to the respective robot teaching points, and the constant speed of the mold.|Teaching operation supporting apparatus for robot motion, and teaching operation supporting method
09827680|A pharmacy automation system having a robot having a hardware device and a software for internal mapping to perform simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is disclosed herein. The robot is configured to use the SLAM technique to carry out at least the following different interactions: the robot communicates autonomously with a physician or an assistant directly or via an intermediary; the robot interacts with an inventory of goods and browses the inventory of goods to determine if a prescribed medication is available in the pharmacy; if the prescribed medication is available in the pharmacy, the robot interacts with a medication dispenser, using the internal mapping to fill a container with the prescribed medication, and store the container; when a patient or a proxy arrives to pick up the prescribed medication, the robot checks and approves an identification of the patient or the proxy; and when the patient or proxy presents a prescription containing the prescribed medication, the robot retrieves the container with the prescribed medication and hands the container with the prescribed medication over to the patient or proxy.|Automated delivery of good using autonomous robot
09827681|A human cooperation robot system includes: an external force detecting unit that detects an external force acting on a robot; a retreat operation commanding unit that commands a retreat operation for causing the robot to be moved in a direction such that the external force is decreased when the external force detected by the external force detecting unit is greater than a first threshold value; and an external force variation monitoring unit that stops the retreat operation when a variation width of the external force at a predetermined time after the retreat operation is commanded by the retreat operation commanding unit is smaller than a second threshold value.|Human cooperation robot system in which robot is caused to perform retreat operation depending on external force
09828071|The invention allows setting up floating platforms comprising an elongated central body (1) from the lower portion of which legs (2) come out intended to fix the platform to anchoring elements arranged in the sea bed (5). The vessel comprises: a) a longitudinal through groove (4) up to the vessel bottom, and leaving part of the vessel bow (5) open; and b) a plurality of slots (6, 7) placed at the bottom of the vessel, wherein the groove (4) and the slots (6, 7) are configured both in dimension and in shape in such a way that they fit in at least some of the legs (2), so that the legs (2) can be inserted, at least partially, in the slots (6, 7) to attach the platform to the vessel.|Vessel for transporting and installing a floating platform and method for transporting and installing a floating platform using said vessel
09828081|A balloon is provided having an exostructure comprised of hollow struts or rods and an envelope positioned over the exostructure, and a pump for pumping air out of the balloon to create an air pressure differential between the pressure inside the envelope and the atmospheric pressure outside the envelope, a control system configured to allow air to flow into the envelope to control the altitude of the balloon, and to operate the pump to pump air out of the envelope to control the altitude of the balloon, wherein the material of the envelope is arranged so as to sag between the struts or rods and form at least one catenary surface when there is an air pressure differential between the pressure inside of the balloon envelope and the atmospheric pressure outside the envelope.|Negative pressure vessel
09828090|An aircraft includes a fuselage, a wing, a ducted fan and a controller. The wing and the ducted fan are coupled to the fuselage. The controller is operable to control the aircraft in a vertical flight mode, a horizontal flight more, and transition the aircraft from the vertical flight mode to the horizontal flight mode.|Vertical take off aircraft
09828091|Systems and methods are provided for a wiring harness for an aerial vehicle. A wing of the aerial vehicle comprises a pocket for insertion of the wiring harness. The wiring harness provides wiring and associated connections capable to attach to and power various components.|Wiring harness for an aerial vehicle
09828100|A side-facing aircraft passenger seat having a head rest, seat back, seat bottom and leg rest moveable between an upright seating position and a lie flat sleeping position, and including a plurality of air bags positioned in at least partially surrounding orientation in relation to the seat and inflatable to provide comfort and protection to a seat occupant while in the lie flat sleeping position. The seat may be oriented obliquely to the longitudinal axis of the aircraft.|Aircraft seat with taxi, takeoff and landing lie flat capability
09828101|An armrest structure and an aircraft seat assembly thereof are disclosed. The armrest structure includes an armrest body and two support plates. The armrest body is disposed between two aircraft seats. The shape of the support plates correspond to the armrest body and the support plates are disposed at two sides of the armrest body respectively. Each of the support plates has a first position and a second position. The support plates combine with the armrest body to form an armrest when the support plates are at the first position. The support plates and the armrest body are vertical to each other so that a hand of the passenger can rest on the support plates when the support plates are in the second position.|Armrest structure and aircraft seat assebly thereof
09828111|Estimating the speed of an aircraft estimates three components of the speed vector (TAS, AOA, SSA) of an aircraft relative to the surrounding air. The static pressure is estimated on the basis of measurements of geographical altitude. A first intermediate variation of a linear combination of the three components of the speed vector of the aircraft relative to the surrounding air is estimated using explicitly the fact that the pressure measured by the static probe is falsified by a known quantity under the effect of the three components of this speed vector of the aircraft relative to the surrounding air. The process then estimates the three components of the speed vector of the aircraft relative to the air by likening the latter to the speed vector of the aircraft relative to an inertial reference frame and by using inertial measurements. The various estimates are fused to provide a final result.|Method of estimation of the speed of an aircraft relative to the surrounding air, and associated system
09828781|A control system for an additive construction implement of a machine is disclosed. The control system may include a relative positioning system for providing relative positioning signals, where the relative positioning signals are representative of a position of the implement relative to a worksite. The control system may receive a three-dimensional structure design file. The control system may further include a controller for determining an implement control plan, where the implement control plan is based on, at least, the relative positioning signals and includes coarse control signals and fine control signals. The control system may further include a coarse control system and a fine control system that controls fine movements of the implement based on the fine control signals. The fine movements may have a fine range of motion, the fine range of motion being less than the coarse range of motion.|Fine implement control system using relative positioning
09828870|A system and method for improved system efficiency of an integrated power and control unit (IPCU) of an aircraft is disclosed. The system uses an open-loop cooling system and turbo machine power matching to provide wide operation range without over-sizing. In order to reduce the temperature of the air flow through the cooling heat exchanger, the cooling turbine need to expand further in the same time generating power but the power could be higher than the compressor could absorb so a generator that would convert the power and used in supplying the aircraft would result in more efficient system.|Efficient power and thermal management system for high performance aircraft
09828911|A turbofan engine includes a core engine, having a high-pressure compressor, a combustion chamber and a high-pressure turbine which are coupled to one another via a high-pressure shaft, at least one fan from which gas is supplied into both a primary flow duct and a secondary flow duct of the turbofan engine, at least one low-pressure turbine arranged behind the core engine, and at least one low-pressure shaft, with each low-pressure shaft coupling a fan to a low-pressure turbine. It has been provided that no low-pressure shaft of the turbofan engine passes through the core engine.|Turbofan jet engine with low pressure shaft passing outside of core engine
09828971|System and methods for optimizing operation of a wind turbine are disclosed. In one aspect, the method also includes determining, via a converter controller of a power converter, a tap position of a tap changer configured between the power grid and a primary winding of a transformer. Another step includes calculating, via the converter controller, a primary voltage of the primary winding as a function of the tap position. The method also includes implementing, via the converter controller, a control action if the primary voltage or a measured secondary voltage of a secondary winding of the transformer is outside of a predetermined voltage range.|System and method for optimizing wind turbine operation
09829870|An example of a building automation system utilizes intelligent system elements, some of which are lighting devices having light sources, and some of which are utility building control and automation elements. Some utility building control and automation elements include a controllable mechanism for use in control of some aspect of the building other than lighting. Another intelligent system element may include either a user interface component and be configured as a building controller, or include a detector and be configured as a sensor. Each intelligent system element includes a network communication interface, processor, memory and programming to configure the intelligent system element as a lighting device, utility building control and automation element, controller or sensor. At least one of the intelligent lighting devices is configured as a building control and automation system server. Several examples, however, implement the overall control using distributed processing.|Distributed building control system
09829881|A template-based supervisory process control and manufacturing information application development facility is disclosed that includes a number of time-saving application development tools that significantly enhance design productivity and allow re-using of previously developed application building blocks. The development facility includes an application object template library that stores a set of previously defined application object templates. The template library is accessed by developers through a configuration utility that facilitates specifying instances of the set of previously defined application object templates to be included in an application. Thereafter, application objects are instantiated from the selected ones of the set of previously defined application object templates in a build of the specified application.|Supervisory process control and manufacturing information system application having an extensible component model
09829890|A robotic device receives a first signal from a positioning hardware device that is worn by a user. The first signal describes a relative location between the user and the robotic device. A second signal describes a relative location between the user and the robotic device. Based on the first signal, the second signal, and a record of object positions of objects within a predefined area of the user, the identification and location of the user-selected object is determined. A determination is made regarding whether or not the robotic device is authorized to perform a specific task on the user-selected object based on the location of the user-selected object. If authorized, the robotic device performs the specific task on the user-selected object.|Controlling the operations of a robotic device
09830371|A robotic system is provided. The robotic system includes a publishing node including at least one first synchronization database that includes a plurality of attributes, each of the attributes including a tag identifying the attribute and data, a flag associated with each of the attributes, and a subscriber list. The system also includes a subscriber node including at least one second synchronization database. The publishing node is configured to set the flag associated with the attributes when the attributes are written in the at least one first synchronization database or when the data included in the attributes are modified and publish the flagged attributes to the subscriber node.|Systems and methods for synchronizing nodes of a robotic system
09830421|Methods and systems for determining a position of output generated by an inspection subsystem in design data space are provided. One method includes selecting one or more alignment targets from a design for a specimen. At least a portion of the one or more alignment targets include built in targets included in the design for a purpose other than alignment of inspection results to design data space. At least the portion of the one or more alignment targets does not include one or more individual device features. One or more images for the alignment target(s) and output generated by the inspection subsystem at the position(s) of the alignment target(s) may then be used to determine design data space positions of other output generated by the inspection subsystem in a variety of ways described herein.|Alignment of inspection to design using built in targets
09830750|An interface device includes an input module for receiving evaluation data of a vehicle input by a user, and a display module for displaying one or more estimated causes corresponding to the evaluation data, wherein the input module receives one estimated cause selected from the estimated causes as a real cause.|Interface device, vehicle examining device connecting with the interface device, and controlling method of the vehicle examining device
09830981|A neuromorphic memory circuit including a programmable resistive memory element, an axon LIF line to transmit an axon LIF pulse, and a dendrite LIF line to build up a dendrite LIF charge over time. A first transistor provides a discharge path for the dendrite LIF charge through the programmable resistive memory element when the axon LIF line transmits the axon LIF pulse. An axon STDP line transmits an axon STDP pulse. The axon STDP pulse is longer than the axon LIF pulse. A dendrite STDP line is configured to transmit a dendrite STDP pulse after voltage at the dendrite LIF line falls below a threshold voltage. A second transistor is coupled to the axon STDP line and the programmable resistive memory element. The second transistor provides an electrical path for the dendrite STDP pulse through the programmable resistive memory element when the axon STDP line transmits the axon STDP pulse.|Neuromorphic memory circuit using a leaky integrate and fire (LIF) line to transmit axon LIF pulse and a conductive denrite LIF line
09831110|A wafer alignment system includes an image capture device that captures an image of a wafer positioned on a pedestal. An image analysis module analyzes the image to detect an edge of the wafer and a notch formed in the edge of the wafer and calculates, based on a position of the notch, first and second edge positions corresponding to the edge of the wafer. An offset calculation module calculates an angular offset of the wafer based on the first position and the second edge positions. A system control module controls transfer of the wafer from the pedestal to a process cell based on the angular offset.|Vision-based wafer notch position measurement
09831810|The present subject matter is directed to a system and method for regulating reactive power in a wind farm connected to a power grid so as to improve reactive speed-of-response of the wind farm. The method includes receiving a voltage feedback from the power grid and a voltage reference and calculating a linear voltage error as a function of the voltage feedback and the voltage reference. A further step includes generating a first output based on the linear voltage error via a first control path having a first voltage regulator. A further step includes determining a non-linear voltage error based on the linear voltage error via a second control path having a second voltage regulator. A second output is generated via the second control path based on the non-linear voltage error. As such, a reactive power command is generated as a function of the first and second outputs.|System and method for improved reactive power speed-of-response for a wind farm
09832071|A manufacturer's in-house server receives serial numbers from BD players, and transmits the received serial numbers to an SCM server. The SCM server collates the serial numbers into a control table, and transmits information to the manufacturer's in-house server such as information showing which dispatch destination and sales outlet each BD player passed through before being installed in a user's home (i.e., distribution information). In accordance with the collated control table, the manufacturer's in-house server then transmits flags that are used to make settings appropriate to each BD player. Each BD player then alters its own settings in accordance with its received flag. For example, a setting may be made to start up an application for an information delivery service (i.e., a delivery service for contents such as moving pictures and the like) that the BD player is to be connected to.|Information processing system, setting alteration method and computer program
09833901|The present invention provides a general purpose operating system (GPROS) that shows particular usefulness in the robotics and automation fields. The operating system provides individual services and the combination and interconnections of such services using built-in service extensions, built-in completely configurable generic services, and ways to plug in additional service extensions to yield a comprehensive and cohesive framework for developing, configuring, assembling, constructing, deploying, and managing robotics and/or automation applications. The invention includes GPROS extensions and features directed to use as an autonomous vehicle operating system. The vehicle controlled by appropriate versions of the GPROS can include unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) applications such as a driverless or self-driving car. The vehicle can likewise or instead include an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) such as a helicopter or drone. In cases, the vehicle can include an unmanned underwater vehicle (UUV), such as a submarine or other submersible.|General purpose robotics operating system with unmanned and autonomous vehicle extensions
09833911|A multi-joint arm mechanism includes an arm supporting member a first, second and third joints. The third joint has a linear extension and retraction axis. The third joint includes flat-shaped first structures bendably coupled to one another, second structures having a C-shaped section and bendably coupled to one another, a supporting member supporting the stiffened first and second structures, and a drive member sending and drawing the stiffened first and second structures. The first and the second structures are linearly stiffened by being in contact with each other and return to a bent state by being separated from each other. The second structures are bent toward the bottom parts and conveyed into the arm supporting member. The first structures are bent in a same direction as the second structures and conveyed into the arm supporting member. The first structures are stored in the arm supporting member along the second structures.|Direct acting extensible and retractable arm mechanism, and robot arm provided with direct acting extensible and retractable arm mechanism
09834300|The invention relates to a device (1) for controlling the setting of the blades (2) of a rotor (3) of a propeller, including a radial shaft (6), the rotation of which modifies the setting of the blade (2), a main spring (13), a first end (14) of which is connected to the rotor (3) and a second end (15) of which is connected to a part (8, 10) having an axial movement which drives the rotation of the radial shaft, and has a movement, the travel of which is offset relative to the first end in a direction (7) that is orthogonal to the axial direction (5), the main spring exerting a resilient force which aims to move the parts toward a position in which the cord of the profile of the blade is orthogonal to the plane of rotation of the propeller, in the absence of part control by means of a jack.|Device for controlling blade angle, and propeller
09834310|A method is provided that includes a number of operations performed in real-time during operation of a vehicle. That is, the method may include detecting fog on an interior surface of the window using one or more sensors according to a process, and automatically activating a fog protection system to reduce or prevent fog on the interior surface of the window in an instance in which fog is detected according to the process. For each sensor, the process may include receiving a measurement from the sensor. And from the measurement, the process may include identifying or calculating a dew-point temperature in a compartment of the vehicle including the window to an exterior thereof, and detecting fog on the interior surface of the window in an instance in which the dew-point temperature is near, at, or above a surface temperature of the interior surface of the window.|Automatic activation of a fog protection system onboard a vehicle
09834311|The present invention is to prevent an uninhabited airborne vehicle from crashing due to fall impact and from being damaged and to protect an object and a living being at the fall point. The uninhabited airborne vehicle 100 includes a rotary wing 10 and a buffer 111 that reduces impact on the airframe when crashed. The battery charge remaining measurement module 122 and the distance measurement module 123 measure the battery charge remaining and the distance to an object, respectively, and compare the measurement with the respective thresholds. If the measurement is less than the respective thresholds, the buffer module 111 is driven by the drive module 121.|Uninhabited airborne vehicle and method of controlling the same
09834320|Aircraft, aircraft exterior speaker systems, and methods of projecting sound waves from an exterior of an aircraft are provided. An aircraft includes an outer skin membrane, a vibration actuator, and a controller. The outer skin membrane has an exterior surface that defines an exterior boundary of the aircraft. The vibration actuator is coupled for common vibration with the outer skin membrane. The controller is operatively coupled with the vibration actuator and is configured to generate a command for the vibration actuator based on audible content to be projected from the exterior surface. The controller is further configured to transmit the command to the vibration actuator. The vibration actuator is configured to vibrate in response to receiving the command.|Aircraft and exterior speaker systems for aircraft
09834321|An apparatus for launching an aircraft secured to a balloon by a tether includes a support member and a launch arm connected to the support member and rotatable relative to the support member about an axis. At least one mechanism releasably connects the aircraft to the launch arm and has a first condition securing the aircraft to the launch arm when the aircraft has a first orientation relative to the launch arm. The release mechanism has a second condition automatically releasing the aircraft from the launch arm when the aircraft has a second orientation relative to the launch arm different from the first orientation.|Aircraft launching device
09834680|Embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to joint compounds for sealing exterior sheathing wallboards applied on the exterior of buildings. This invention also relates to a process of preparing such exterior joint compounds. The joint compounds of this invention comprise an aqueous emulsion system and provide water resistance comparable to the substrate on which they are applied, that is, the exterior sheathing wallboards.|Water-resistant exterior joint compounds
09835090|A fire seal includes a molded body having a base portion, a curved portion extending from the base portion, and a metal seal support surrounding the base portion and a radially inward surface of the curved portion. The curved portion has a partially circular cross section.|Fire seal for a gas turbine engine
09835091|A system has a surface intended to separate two chambers within the system. The surface has an aperture for allowing passage of at least one communication conduit. A shroud is positioned on the surface at the aperture, and has at least two portions defining a central opening to allow the communication conduit to pass through the aperture and shroud. The two portions of shroud have mating clamp ears in contact with each other. Securement members tighten the clamp ears against each other to provide a seal at an end of the shroud remote from the surface.|Multiple piece shroud feedthru enclosure
09835131|A power generation device is adapted to be driven by ocean currents, and includes a craft body unit, a plurality of blade units, a plurality of power generators, and a plurality of sails. The blade units are mounted on the craft body unit, and are adapted to extend into the sea and to be driven rotatably by the ocean currents. The power generators are mounted on the craft body unit and connected respectively to the blade units for converting a kinetic energy of the blade units into electrical energy. The sails are mounted on the craft body unit for capturing the wind to maintain a location of the craft body unit against drifting from a force of the ocean currents applied to the craft body unit.|Power generation device
09835140|A hydraulic control system HCS for controlling a variable ratio transmission of a power generating system. A hydraulic motor/pump unit 140 is operably connected to a superposition gear, and is connected to a hydraulic circuit that comprises an orifice 28 and/or a relief valve 29 that opens at a predetermined hydraulic pressure. The hydraulic circuit switches between a variable low-speed operating mode and a torque limiting high-speed operating mode. In the torque limiting high-speed operating mode the hydraulic motor/pump unit 140 is driven by the superposition gear and drives hydraulic fluid through the orifice 28 and/or relief valve 29 to provide a passive torque limiting function. In the variable low-speed operating mode the hydraulic motor/pump unit 140 drives the superposition gear and the hydraulic control system provides a desired rotor 101 speed by controlling hydraulic fluid flow rate through the hydraulic motor/pump unit 140.|Power generating system and hydraulic control system
09835141|The invention generally relates to a blade for a wind turbine, and to a blade for a wind turbine comprising a lightning measurement system. In particular, a lightning measurement system is provided, comprising a lightning current sensor located in the blade for more accurate lightning measurements. A method of measuring a lightning strike is also provided.|Wind turbine blade and a lightning measurement system therein
09836010|The present invention relates to a vibration-type driving apparatus including a vibrator including an electro-mechanical transducer; a driven body disposed in pressure-contact with the vibrator; a supporting portion extending from the vibrator; a base to which the vibrator is fixed with the supporting portion interposed therebetween; a vibration absorber disposed between the supporting portion and the base; and a compressive-force adjusting device capable of adjusting a compressive force to be applied to the vibration absorber between the supporting portion and the base.|Vibration-type driving apparatus, robot, and image forming apparatus
09836040|A motor control device includes circuitry which reads a command value in synchronization with a control period, reads an output of an encoder connected to a motor, controls an output current to the motor based on the command value and the output of the encoder, and offsets a timing for reading the output of the encoder with respect to a timing for reading the command value.|Motor control device, motor control system and motor control method
09836041|A robot arm having seven axes of actuation imparts to a toroidal support a circumferential distribution motion about its own geometric axis simultaneously with controlled transverse distribution displacements in front of a dispensing organ of a strip of elastomeric material. The strip thus forms a plurality of turns, the orientation and mutual superposition whereof are controlled in such a way as to control the thickness variations to be conferred to a component of a tire being manufactured, based on a pre-determined laying scheme pre-set on an electronic computer. The rotation of the toroidal support is controlled in such a way as to obtain a peripheral speed of application exceeding the theoretical feeding rate of the strip, able to be increased or decreased as needed to form turns with reduced or, respectively, enlarged cross section.|Method for manufacturing elastomeric material components of a tyre for vehicle wheels
09836450|Systems, methods, and apparatuses are presented for a trained language model to be stored in an efficient manner such that the trained language model may be utilized in virtually any computing device to conduct natural language processing. Unlike other natural language processing engines that may be computationally intensive to the point of being capable of running only on high performance machines, the organization of the natural language models according to the present disclosures allows for natural language processing to be performed even on smaller devices, such as mobile devices.|Methods and systems for providing universal portability in machine learning
09836511|A computer-automated method and system of providing a searchable knowledge base with decision-relevant attributes (including some subjective or sentiment-based attributes) for a plurality of individual items within a choice set are described. First, information (including texts) relevant to the plurality of individual items in the choice set is harvested from Internet sources. Next, normalized representations of statements are extracted from excerpts of the harvested texts that pertain to attributes of interest for the choice set, and corresponding scores for the attributes are derived from each of the normalized representations. The scores derived from the various harvested sources are aggregated for each attribute of each item. Finally, the knowledge base of the plurality of individual topics is generated.|Computer-generated sentiment-based knowledge base
09836561|System and methods for optimizing multistage hydraulic fracturing design based on three-dimensional (3D) continuum damage mechanics are provided. A 3D global model of a field of hydrocarbon reservoirs is generated. A finite element analysis of the 3D global model is performed to calculate values of one or more mechanical variables for the field. A smaller-scale 3D sub-model of a selected portion of the field is generated from the 3D global model based on the calculated values of the mechanical variables. The hydraulic fracturing effects of fluid injection stimulation within the targeted reservoir formation are simulated by applying one or more numerical damage models to the sub-model. Optimal design parameters for multistage hydraulic fracturing of the targeted formation with a plurality of horizontal wells are determined based on numerical results of the simulation.|Optimizing multistage hydraulic fracturing design based on three-dimensional (3D) continuum damage mechanics
09836640|A face detector training method, a face detection method, and apparatuses are provided. In the present invention, during a training phase, a flexible block based local binary pattern feature and a corresponding second classifier are constructed, appropriate second classifiers are searched for to generate multiple first classifiers, and multiple layers of first classifiers that are obtained by using a cascading method form a final face detector; and during a detection phase, face detection is performed on a to-be-detected image by using a first classifier or a face detector that is learned during a training process, so that a face is differentiated from a non-face, and a face detection result is combined and output.|Face detector training method, face detection method, and apparatuses
09836641|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on computer storage media, for generating numeric embeddings of images. One of the methods includes obtaining training images; generating a plurality of triplets of training images; and training a neural network on each of the triplets to determine trained values of a plurality of parameters of the neural network, wherein training the neural network comprises, for each of the triplets: processing the anchor image in the triplet using the neural network to generate a numeric embedding of the anchor image; processing the positive image in the triplet using the neural network to generate a numeric embedding of the positive image; processing the negative image in the triplet using the neural network to generate a numeric embedding of the negative image; computing a triplet loss; and adjusting the current values of the parameters of the neural network using the triplet loss.|Generating numeric embeddings of images
09836671|Disclosed herein are technologies directed to discovering semantic similarities between images and text, which can include performing image search using a textual query, performing text search using an image as a query, and/or generating captions for images using a caption generator. A semantic similarity framework can include a caption generator and can be based on a deep multimodal similar model. The deep multimodal similarity model can receive sentences and determine the relevancy of the sentences based on similarity of text vectors generated for one or more sentences to an image vector generated for an image. The text vectors and the image vector can be mapped in a semantic space, and their relevance can be determined based at least in part on the mapping. The sentence associated with the text vector determined to be the most relevant can be output as a caption for the image.|Discovery of semantic similarities between images and text
09836691|A computer-implemented method that includes receiving, by a processing unit, an instruction that specifies data values for performing a tensor computation. In response to receiving the instruction, the method may include, performing, by the processing unit, the tensor computation by executing a loop nest comprising a plurality of loops, wherein a structure of the loop nest is defined based on one or more of the data values of the instruction. The tensor computation can be at least a portion of a computation of a neural network layer. The data values specified by the instruction may comprise a value that specifies a type of the neural network layer, and the structure of the loop nest can be defined at least in part by the type of the neural network layer.|Neural network instruction set architecture
09836700|The subject disclosure is directed towards processing evidence, which may include high-dimensional streaming evidence, into a future belief state. The existing evidence is used to project a belief about a future state. The future belief state may be used to determine whether to wait for additional evidence, or to act now without waiting for additional evidence, e.g., based on a cost of the delay. For example, an autonomous assistant may decide based upon the belief whether to engage a person or not, or to wait for more information before the engagement decision is made.|Value of information with streaming evidence based on a prediction of a future belief at a future time
09836701|A method for machine learning a data set in a data processing framework is disclosed. A forest is trained with the data set that generates a plurality of trees in parallel. Each tree includes leaf nodes having a constant weight. A discriminative value for each leaf node is learned with a supervised model. The forest is reconstructed with the discriminative values replacing the constant weight for each leaf node.|Distributed stage-wise parallel machine learning
09836820|A method upsamples an image using a non-linear fully connected neural network to produce only global details of an upsampled image and interpolates the image to produce a smooth upsampled image. The method concatenates the global details and the smooth upsampled image into a tensor and applies a sequence of nonlinear convolutions to the tensor using a convolutional neural network to produce the upsampled image.|Image upsampling using global and local constraints
09837880|A magnetic voltage/current limiting system is mounted in conjunction with a main coil, in a coil assembly of a wind turbine generator, for limiting the outputted voltage (or current) to a predetermined upper value. The limiting system generally has at least one limiting coil and a control circuit connected to the main coil. The limiting system is configured to be activated when the voltage (or current) outputted by the main coil increases beyond the predetermined upper value. Once activated, the limiting system diverts a portion of the outputted current to the limiting coil such as to generate a magnetic field in the limiting coil. This additional magnetic field generally limits the amount magnetic field generated by passing magnets to flow through the main coil, thereby limiting the outputted voltage.|Magnetostatic voltage/current limiting system for turbine generator comprising the same
09838001|A programmable discrete input module is described. In one or more implementations, the programmable discrete input module comprises a pulse width modulation module configured to generate a pulse width modulated signal based upon an input signal and a pulse width modulation module configured to generate a demodulated pulse width signal. An isolator is configured to isolate the pulse width modulation module and the pulse width demodulation module and to generate isolated modulated pulse width signal based upon the pulse width modulated signal for the pulse width demodulation module to generate the demodulated pulse width signal. The programmable discrete input module also includes a first comparator and a second comparator for comparing the demodulated pulse width signal with a respective programmable reference and a digital filter configured to filter a comparison signal output by the first comparator or the second comparator to generate a discrete input signal.|Methods for consolidating module types for industrial control systems
09838410|A security platform employs a variety techniques and mechanisms to detect security related anomalies and threats in a computer network environment. The security platform is "big data" driven and employs machine learning to perform security analytics. The security platform performs user/entity behavioral analytics (UEBA) to detect the security related anomalies and threats, regardless of whether such anomalies/threats were previously known. The security platform can include both real-time and batch paths/modes for detecting anomalies and threats. By visually presenting analytical results scored with risk ratings and supporting evidence, the security platform enables network security administrators to respond to a detected anomaly or threat, and to take action promptly.|Identity resolution in data intake stage of machine data processing platform
09838791|An apparatus and method for generating alerting sounds and broadcasting the same into the interior of a building so that an occupant can be made aware of an emergency, warning, etc. or of the building for various other purposes such as to greet a visitor or accept a package or sign documents from a transporter drone or robot. The sounds are generated by an exciter feature of a transducer held in a case, the exciter feature being able to be pressed against an exterior surface. The transducer vibrates its exciter feature in correspondence with audio signals transmitted to the transducer to broadcast corresponding sounds into the interior of the building by resonance induced in the door or other building member by the vibrating exciter feature. The sounds may resemble conventional alerting sounds such as a knocking or ringing sounds, and/or can be a spoken message either prerecorded in an audio source or created contemporaneously by being spoken by a user into a microphone. The device may be hand carried door to door as by delivery personnel and emergency workers and used to effectively alert occupants and eliminate the need for hand knocking or yelling a message through the door, or is mounted to a drone, robot, or other transporter device, or to some other portable device. The device may also be used to broadcast sounds in an open area by holding the exciter feature against a sign board or other structure in an open area.|Portable sound generator apparatus
09839480|An adapter assembly is provided for selectively interconnecting a surgical end effector that is configured to perform a function and a surgical device that is configured to actuate the end effector, the end effector including at least one axially translatable drive member, and the surgical device including at least one rotatable drive shaft. The adapter assembly includes at least one drive converter assembly including a drive shaft; a drive coupling nut threadably connected to a distal end portion of the drive shaft; and an axially translatable drive bar connected to the drive coupling nut, wherein rotation of the drive shaft results in axial translation of the drive bar. The drive coupling nut engages 29 teeth of the threaded distal end portion of the drive shaft. The drive coupling nut is manufactured from unreinforced PEEK thermoplastic polymer.|Surgical adapter assemblies for use between surgical handle assembly and surgical end effectors
09839481|A system comprises a handpiece body configured to couple to a proximal end of a medical instrument and a manual actuator mounted in the handpiece body. The system further includes a plurality of drive inputs mounted in the handpiece body. The drive inputs are configured for removable engagement with a motorized drive mechanism. A first drive component is operably coupled to the manual actuator and also operably coupled to one of the plurality of drive inputs. The first drive component controls movement of a distal end of the medical instrument in a first direction. A second drive component is operably coupled to the manual actuator and also operably coupled to another one of the plurality of drive inputs. The second drive component controls movement of the distal end of the medical instrument in a second direction.|Hybrid manual and robotic interventional instruments and methods of use
09840010|A system, method, and apparatus for changing a set of old tools for a set of new tools may be presented. The system may comprise a crawler robot, a robotic arm, a tool changer, a vision system, and at least one of a tool rack or a storage area. The tool changer may be an end effector of the robotic arm. The tool changer may comprise a number of grippers and a number of movement assemblies. The number of grippers may perform at least one of moving a set of new tools to the crawler robot or removing the set of old tools from the crawler robot. The number of movement assemblies may be associated with the number of grippers. The vision system may be associated with at least one of the robotic arm and the tool changer.|Tool changer
09840011|An industrial robot having parallel kinematics, comprising a robot base, a carrier element for accommodating a gripper or a tool, several movable, elongated actuating units, which are connected at one end thereof to drive units arranged on the robot base, and the other end of which is movably connected to the carrier element; an elongated hollow body, which has a continuous cavity and which is flexibly connected to the robot base; a joint, which has a continuous cavity and several degrees of freedom, by means of which joint the elongated hollow body is movably connected to the carrier element; and at least one supply line for a gripper arranged on the carrier element or a tool arranged on the carrier element, the supply line being guided through the cavity of the elongated hollow body and the cavity of the hollow joint from the robot base to the carrier element.|Parallel robot
09840320|A bell crank mechanism is configured to at least indirectly link movement of an aircraft wing spoiler-like hinge panel to the movement of a primary flight control device on an aircraft wing trailing edge. The aircraft wing is configured to be fixed to and to extend from an aircraft fuselage, the wing including a leading edge and a trailing edge. The primary flight control device is attached to the trailing edge, and any movement of the control device is directly subject to an aircraft input controller by a linear actuator. The moveable aerodynamic hinge panel, a secondary control device, is situated proximally to the primary flight control device, and the hinge panel is separately attached to the trailing edge. The bell crank mechanism slaves any hinge panel motion to movements of the primary control device.|Trailing edge device with bell crank mechanism
09840321|In order to assist fitting of doors to the landing gear housing and adjusting their position, an aircraft nose is provided comprising a connecting frame between the landing gear housing and the outer skin of the fuselage, the connecting frame extending around an opening in the outer skin and comprising a skirt bearing against the outer skin of the fuselage and attached thereto, the skirt defining a passage for landing gear which is configured to be closed off by doors when the landing gear are in a closed position, and supporting members extending between the fuselage and the doors.|Aircraft nose provided with a connecting frame between the landing gear housing and the outer skin of the fuselage
09840330|An energy supply system for an electrical seat device in an aircraft or spacecraft comprises a control unit connected to the seat device, an energy supply which is configured to supply the control unit with electrical energy and an energy storage device which is configured to store electrical energy in a rechargeable manner and which is coupled to the control unit such that said energy storage device can be charged by the energy supply and such that the charging and discharging of said energy storage device can be controlled by the control unit, wherein the control unit is configured to use, as required, the electrical energy stored by the energy storage device to operate the seat device.|Energy supply system for an electrical seat device in an aircraft or spacecraft
09840340|Disclosed herein is a drone docking station for deposit of items delivered by drone. Items may include food items, groceries, parcels and others. A secure porch, roof, window or otherwise building mounted box may be secured through to an existing edifice or may be configured to mount to an existing mailbox post. The basic elements making up the components of the box enable it to carry out efficient and secure delivery of goods to a container box located at a specific address and to securely hold those goods until they are picked-up regardless of duration, weather, or otherwise. The drone dock may employ different technological devices to provide for communication between the drone docking station and a drone to provide security and preservation of the delivered goods before during and after delivery.|Drone docking station and delivery system
09840341|A method and system for satellite control in space using an IP-based satellite bus and all-IP compliant subsystems and payload(s) and a corresponding T&C system. Specifically, the present method/system includes a satellite-based IP Bus (connected as a network) that relies on Ethernet, USB, WIFI, or Bluetooth to connect various satellite components, satellite components configured to communicate on the IP bus, and a T&C system that understands the IP bus and can read its telemetry and commands. The system permits operations control on-orbit, in near real time within a secure system environment, with a dramatic increase in mission efficiency, an expansion of how much and what can be done on-orbit, and cost savings on future missions using IP-compliant spacecraft and payloads.|IP-based satellite command, control, and data transfer
09841000|A device for use in extracting energy from an incoming fluid flow is presented. The device comprises: an oscillator assembly mounted on a base, the oscillator assembly comprising: a main body for exposing to an incoming fluid flow; and a joining element attached to the main body and configured for anchoring the main body to the base and enabling oscillation of the main body with respect to the base; an operative flow affecting unit comprising at least one flow interacting element located in at least one location respectively on a surface of the main body, the operative flow affecting unit being configured and controllably operable for affecting a separation of streams of the fluid flowing over the surface of the main body; a control unit in communication with the operative flow affecting unit, the control unit being configured and operable for activating and deactivating of each of the at least one flow interacting element of the operative flow affecting unit according to a certain time pattern, the time pattern being selected such that interaction between the flow interacting element and fluid streams creates vortices in the fluid streams at a selected vortex formation frequency causing an increase in oscillation of the main body, thereby enabling conversion of motion from the oscillation into useful energy.|Energy conversion from fluid flow
09841001|A banded turbine configuration has an integral outer band support structure capable of providing two point simple support for a multiplicity of blades. A large scale vertical array has a set of twelve 23 m-diameter banded turbines with up to nine blades and resting on an Open Web Steel Joist (OWSJ) platform. The banded turbine configuration is supported off of a main shaft hub assembly, which is supported by forward and aft pillow block bearing assemblies. The banded turbine allows for a protective screen for bird- and bat-kill prevention. Each banded turbine employs DC alternators to provide a switchable output which is subsequently fed to a dedicated set of high efficiency grid-compatible solid state invertors or, alternatively, to energy storage.|Banded turbine
09841061|A torque transmission device includes an inner ring, an outer ring, and at least one pair of receiving bellows. The at least one pair of receiving bellows includes a positive receiving bellows and a negative receiving bellows. The torque transmission device also includes at least one gas pressure spring and an adjusting unit connected to the at least one gas pressure spring. The receiving bellows are arranged between the outer ring and the inner ring such that when the inner ring is rotated in the positive rotational direction, the positive receiving bellows may be compressed, and when the inner ring is rotated in the negative rotational direction, the negative receiving bellows may be compressed. In addition, the receiving bellows are connected to the at least one gas pressure spring in a fluidically conductive manner.|Torque transmission device, actuator and robot
09841741|A process control device includes an interface configured to communicate with other devices in a process control system. The process control device also includes a primary power source, the primary power source configured to provide power to at least one component of the process control device, which component, if not powered, would result in disruption to the control of the process. The process control device still further includes a terminal configured to electrically couple the process control device to an auxiliary power source such that the auxiliary power source provides sufficient power to the at least one component when the auxiliary power source is connected to the terminal such that the process control device remains operable to control the process in the absence of the primary power source.|Method and apparatus to replace an electrical power module in a wireless valve positioner without power disruption
09841990|A method determines a schedule indicator value for each of a plurality of schedule data entries based on whether each of a set of recorded tasks has been allocated to one or more identifier data names in one or more of a set of time periods in accordance with the first schedule data to generate schedule portion data. A hard constraint indicator value is determined for each of a plurality of hard constraint data entries based on whether at least one hard constraint has been violated by the allocation of the set of recorded tasks to one or more of the identifier data names in one or more of the time periods in accordance with the schedule data to generate hard constraint portion data. The data structure is generated based on the determined schedule portion and hard constraint portion data encoding the schedule data into a data structure.|Encoding of a schedule into a binary structure
09842041|The technology can compute an approximation of a datastore storing a multiplicity of indexed data. An example method can a template including programming logic that, when executed, calculates output(s) based on input(s) and undetermined parameter(s). The undetermined parameter(s) are input into a machine learning framework. Data entries reflecting one or more inputs are retrieved from a datastore and input into the machine learning framework, which determines value(s) for the undetermined parameter(s), respectively (making them determined parameters). The example method generates an approximation of the datastore using the determined parameter(s) and the input(s).|Approximation of datastore storing indexed data entries
09842100|A system and method for analyzing narrative data based on a functional ontology using semiotic square functions to produce analyzed data outputs. A computer implemented method accesses narrative data and reads a semiotic square function data table for each verb in the sequence of words, each semiotic square function data table classifies at least one verb in each sentence pattern as a functional type and includes one or more words in a semiotic square relationship to the verb classified, the functional type applying at least one symmetrical relationship between a first actor and a second actor in the narrative data. The method parses each sentence which includes a verb matching a functional type to match sentence subjects and objects to an event template and outputs an analysis of the narrative data relative to a common story theme based on a sequence of event records.|Functional ontology machine-based narrative interpreter
09842110|Content Based Similarity Detection. A computer implemented method includes computing a hash of each word in a collection of books to produce a numerical integer token using a reduced representation and computing an Inverse Document Frequency (IDF) vector comprising the number of books the token appears in, for every token in the collection of books. The method also includes creating a token occurrence count vector for each book in the collection and normalizing the token occurrence count vector using the IDF vector to create a Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) vector. Further, the method includes reducing each TF-IDF vector by using random projections to obtain a final signature representing each book in the collection, reducing each TF-IDF vector by using random projections to obtain a final signature representing each book in the collection and using a trained machine learning algorithm, determining whether each of the list of candidate books is similar to the target book.|Content based similarity detection
09842161|Curation of a corpus of a cognitive computing system is performed interactively by reporting on user interface device to a user a parse tree illustration of discrepancies and corresponding assigned confidence factors detected between at least a portion of a first document and a second or more documents in the corpus. Responsive to a user selection of an illustrated discrepancy in the parse tree, a drill-down dialog is prepared and displayed which shows at least a text string for the portion of the first document and at least one conflicting text string from the second or more documents, and which provides at least one user-selectable administrative action option for handling the detected discrepancy. Responsive to receipt of user selection of an administrative action option, the computing system performs the action to handle the detected discrepancy.|Discrepancy curator for documents in a corpus of a cognitive computing system
09842300|For calculating statistical Markov model-like state transition probabilities, a method represents state transition probabilities between a plurality of statistical Markov model-like states and output probabilities associated with a plurality of previous statistical Markov model-like states. The state transition probabilities between the plurality of previous states depend on a sequence of previous states of the plurality of previous states. The output probabilities associated with each of the plurality of states depend on the sequence of previous states.|Statistical model for systems incorporating history information
09842301|This disclosure relates to systems and methods for improved knowledge mining. In one embodiment, a method is disclosed, which comprises filtering aggregated data encoded according to multiple data formats, using a combination of sliding-window and boundary-based filtration techniques. Machine learning and natural language processing are applied to the filtered data to generate a business ontology. Also, using a prediction analysis, one or more recommended classification techniques are automatically identified. The filtered data is clustered into an automatically determined number of categories based on the automatically recommended one or more classification techniques. The one or more classification techniques may utilize iterative feedback between a supervised learning technique and an unsupervised learning technique. Furthermore, the method includes generating automatically correlations between the business ontology and the automatically determined number of categories, and generating a knowledge base using the correlations between the business ontology and the automatically determined number of categories.|Systems and methods for improved knowledge mining
09842610|A method is provided for training a Deep Neural Network (DNN) for acoustic modeling in speech recognition. The method includes reading central frames and side frames as input frames from a memory. The side frames are preceding side frames preceding the central frames and/or succeeding side frames succeeding the central frames. The method further includes executing pre-training for only the central frames or both the central frames and the side frames and fine-tuning for the central frames and the side frames so as to emphasize connections between acoustic features in the central frames and units of the bottom layer in hidden layer of the DNN.|Training deep neural network for acoustic modeling in speech recognition
09844411|Medical devices robotically manipulated by a medical robotic system for performing a medical procedure on a patient are bundled together as a bundled unit and inserted into the patient through a single entry port. Bracing of the bundled unit at a surgical site is performed by extending a suction surface disposed at a distal end of the bundled unit towards a bracing surface at the surgical site and applying a suction force between the suction surface and the bracing surface. The suction surface is ring-shaped with holes distributed about the ring so that controllably extendable and retractable tubes coupled at distal ends to the holes provide suction to the suction surface when coupled at proximal ends to a vacuum source.|Extendable suction surface for bracing medical devices during robotically assisted medical procedures
09844481|A holding mechanism holds a care-receiver, a traction mechanism that is connected to the holding mechanism, and the traction mechanism pulls the holding mechanism so that the holding mechanism draws a predetermined path. On the basis of a position of the holding mechanism detected by a position sensor and a force detected by a force sensor, if the position of the holding mechanism is not on the predetermined path, a controller controls the traction mechanism so that the holding mechanism draws the predetermined path by changing the position of the holding mechanism to a position on the predetermined path at a time after the time at which the position is detected.|Standing/sitting motion assist system, standing/sitting motion assist method, standing/sitting motion assist robot, and non-transitory computer-readable recording medium
09844841|A welding assembly for welding a plurality of workpieces includes a positioner assembly including a base assembly and a workpiece holding assembly that is mounted to the base assembly. The workpiece holding assembly includes a beam having a longitudinal axis and a plurality of holding elements that are each mounted to the beam and adapted for holding and positioning a workpiece for welding. The beam is rotatable about a primary axis that is substantially horizontal. The plurality of holding elements are each rotatable about an auxiliary axis that is transverse to the longitudinal axis of the beam.|Drop center positioner with multiple rotate modules
09844871|An accessibility-enhancing joint module may include a housing, a powered motor disposed within the housing, a rotatable receiving member operatively connected to the powered motor, a coupling element configured to attach to the receiving member, and a control board disposed within the housing and operatively connected to the powered motor, wherein the coupling element is disposed external to the housing. An accessibility-enhancing arm assembly may include a first joint module and a second joint module and a tubular arm member attached to the proximal mounting portion of the first joint module and the proximal mounting portion of the second joint module, each joint module including a housing having a body portion and a proximal mounting portion, a powered motor disposed within the housing, and a rotatable receiving member operatively connected to the powered motor. The joint module(s) and/or the arm assembly may be operable by a variety of accessible controls.|Automated mounting and positioning apparatus for increased user independence
09844880|A robotic applique assembly for incorporation into a manually controlled vehicle to provide unmanned operational capability to the vehicle includes an assembly body configured to be positioned into the vehicle in substantially the same area occupied by a user of the vehicle. The assembly body can have a series of segments including a torso segment, a bench segment and a leg segment. The segments are pivotally coupled one to another to allow adjustment of position of the segments relative to one another.|Unmanned vehicle retrofitting applique assembly
09844881|A machine vision system for a controllable robotic device proximal to a workspace includes an image acquisition sensor arranged to periodically capture vision signal inputs each including an image of a field of view including the workspace. A controller operatively couples to the robotic device and includes a non-transitory memory component including an executable vision perception routine. The vision perception routine includes a focus loop control routine operative to dynamically track a focus object in the workspace and a background loop control routine operative to monitor a background of the workspace. The focus loop control routine executes simultaneously asynchronously in parallel with the background loop control routine to determine a combined resultant including the focus object and the background based upon the periodically captured vision signal inputs. The controller is operative to control the robotic device to manipulate the focus object based upon the focus loop control routine.|Robotic device including machine vision
09844990|A MEUV that is able to navigate aerial, aquatic, and terrestrial environments through the use of different mission mobility attachments is disclosed. The attachments allow the MEUV to be deployed from the air or through the water prior to any terrestrial navigation. The mobility attachments can be removed or detached by and from the vehicle during a mission.|Multiple environment unmanned vehicle
09845020|A transportable ground station for a UAV includes a container in which the UAV may be transported and housed. The container includes a wireless or contact-based recharging station that recharges the UAV's batteries or other power sources after the UAV returns from a mission. The recharging station may be directly or indirectly connected to one or more solar panels that generate energy to power the recharging station. The ground station may be deployed virtually anywhere, from any vehicle (e.g., plane, train, boat, truck, etc.), and may operate over an extended period of time without human intervention.|Transportable ground station for an unmanned aerial vehicle
09845140|A high altitude balloon, including a method and machine for manufacture, uses a perimeter border strip to couple two circular balloon panels with a lap or butt seal. Simultaneous sealing of two perimeter seals, one between the border strip and each of two balloon panels, is provided by supporting stacked balloon panels on a rotatable support and sealing around the full perimeter of the two interposed balloon panels and the border strip. The method and machine for manufacture allow for the mass production of high altitude balloons and minimize necessary material handling. The perimeter border strip can be dispensed and guided relative to the perimeter of the balloon panels for positioning before sealing together, as a bonding device is rotated relative to the balloon envelope.|High altitude balloon and method and apparatus for its manufacture
09845141|A balloon system includes a balloon having a balloon membrane extending between an upper apex and a lower apex opening. The lower apex opening extends through the balloon membrane at a balloon lip. A ballonet is within the balloon. The ballonet is coupled with the balloon membrane at the lower apex opening. The ballonet includes a lower ballonet panel having a lower perimeter edge and a ballonet orifice extending through the lower ballonet panel at a ballonet lip and an upper ballonet panel having an upper perimeter edge. The upper and lower ballonet panels are coupled along the respective upper and lower perimeter edges. A lower apex fitting couples the ballonet with the balloon at the balloon lip of the lower apex opening.|Atmospheric balloon system
09845150|A safe, quiet, easy to control, efficient, and compact aircraft configuration is enabled through the combination of multiple vertical lift rotors, tandem wings, and forward thrust propellers. The vertical lift rotors, in combination with a front and rear wing, permits a balancing of the center of lift with the center of gravity for both vertical and horizontal flight. This wing and multiple rotor system has the ability to tolerate a relatively large variation of the payload weight for hover, transition, or cruise flight while also providing vertical thrust redundancy. The propulsion system uses multiple lift rotors and forward thrust propellers of a small enough size to be shielded from potential blade strike and provide increased perceived and real safety to the passengers. Using multiple independent rotors provides redundancy and the elimination of single point failure modes that can make the vehicle non-operable in flight.|Personal aircraft
09845151|A rotorcraft (1) having: a lift rotor (5); a wing (10) extending from a first end (11) carrying a first propulsive propeller (21) to a second end (12) carrying a second propeller (22); landing gear (30); and a tail (40). The rotorcraft (1) is provided with two fuselages (51, 52) secured to said wing (10) between said first and second propulsive propellers (21, 22) in such a manner as to present an inter-fuselage space (60) having no propeller between said fuselages (51, 52), each fuselage (51, 52) including at least one undercarriage of said landing gear (30).|Twin-fuselage rotorcraft
09845160|An aircraft aerial refueling system including at least one pressure controlled fuel pump having a control system adapted to regulate the pump outlet fuel pressure using an outlet fuel pressure signal as control feedback. Also, methods of operating an aircraft aerial refueling system.|Aircraft aerial refuelling system
09845161|A system having a drone and a payload frame connected to the drone, wherein the payload frame includes a mechanism for attaching at least one payload module to the payload frame and electrically coupling the at least one payload module to the payload frame. The electrical coupling includes a communication interface for communicating with a controller of the drone, and is configured to communicate a relative location of the at least one payload module in the payload frame, a weight of the at least one payload module and a volume of the at least one payload module. The controller of the drone is configured to calculate a weight distribution within the payload frame, based on the relative location of the at least one payload module, the weight of the at least one payload module and the volume of the at least one payload volume.|System and method for calculating weight distribution of drone
09845381|According to one embodiment, a method of dispersing nanoparticles into a destination material includes providing a plurality of nanoparticles suspended in a carrier, adding a solvent to the plurality of nanoparticles suspended in a carrier, removing at least some of the carrier to yield the plurality of nanoparticles suspended in the solvent, mixing the nanoparticles suspended in the solvent with a destination material, and removing at least some of the solvent from the mixture of nanoparticles suspended in the solvent and the destination material.|Nanolevel dispersion of nanoparticles in hydrophobic materials
09845730|An aeroderivative gas turbine including an air intake plenum; a compressor with a compressor air intake in fluid communication with the air intake plenum; a combustor; a high pressure turbine; a power turbine. A forced air-stream generator is arranged in fluid communication with the air intake plenum. A shutter arrangement is provided in a combustion-air flow path, arranged and controlled to close the combustion-air flow path for pressurizing said air intake plenum by means of the forced air-stream generator to a pressure sufficient to cause pressurized air to flow through the aeroderivative air turbine.|Device and method for gas turbine unlocking
09845790|A method of operating a wind power installation selectively in a first or second operating mode is disclosed. In the first operating mode, the installation generates as much electrical power as possible based on the prevailing wind and design of the wind power installation, and in the second operating mode generates less electrical power than in the first operating mode. The wind power installation is controlled in the first and second operating modes with first and second adjustment parameter sets, respectively. When the installation is operated in the second operating mode the maximum power which can be generated with the first adjustment parameter set or a differential power between the maximum power and a power currently generated in the second operating mode may be ascertained. The second adjustment parameter set may be selected based on a desired power reduction and the maximum power.|Method for selectively operating a wind turbine in accordance with an operating mode
09845791|A method for establishing access for mounting and dismounting of main shafts, gearbox, generator and other main parts located in the nacelle of a wind turbine, where the cabriolet remains localized on the nacelle, and guide transfer mechanisms are provided for mounting inside the nacelle. The basic idea is that the cabriolet is lifted upon rolls or roll sets which form the guide transfer mechanisms upward facing support surfaces, and that the cabriolet is stabilized by displaceable counter holds which are displaced and locked in position above the downwards positioned mounting flange, upon which the cabriolet can be displaced on the rollers or roll sets to a partly cantilevered position over the rear end of the nacelle. By the method, service on larger wind turbines can be performed without using mobile cranes, which saves resources.|Method and means for establishing access to the main parts in the nacelle on a wind turbine
09845850|A robot includes a support, a movable member coupled to the support to permit gimbal rotation about a pitch axis and a yaw axis, and first and second linear actuators connected to each of the support and the movable member and operable to rotate the movable member about the pitch axis and the yaw axis. The first linear actuator is pivotally attached to the movable member at a first pivot point. The second linear actuator is pivotally attached to the movable member at a second pivot point. The first and second pivot points are each angularly offset from the pitch axis and the yaw axis by about 45 degrees and are located on the same side of the pitch axis.|Robotic arm and wrist mechanisms
09845950|A method predicts an amount of wear that is expected to occur on the tubes of a steam generator as a result of vibration against another structure within the steam generator. The method includes determining a volumetric amount of material that has been worn from a location on a tube over a duration of time and employing that volume as a function of time to determine the volume of material of the tube wall that is predicted to be worn from the tube or another tube at a future time. The volumetric-based analysis enables more accurately prediction of the wear depth at a future time. This enables the plugging of only those tubes that are determined from a volumetric analysis to be in risk of breach at the future time, thus slowing the rate at which tubes of a steam generator will be plugged.|Method of predicting wear on tubes of steam generator
09846261|The method includes receiving a value of a quantity of heat applied to at least a portion of a structure, said structure having a sensor surface exposed to the environment, receiving a temperature measurement of the sensor surface, receiving a wind speed measurement of the environment, receiving an ambient temperature measurement of the environment, determining a heat transfer projection of the sensor area using at least the wind speed measurement, the ambient temperature measurement, and one of the value of a quantity of heat and a target temperature of the sensor surface; comparing the heat transfer projection to an associated heat transfer value, and generating a signal indicating the icing condition status based on the comparison.|Method and apparatus for determining an icing condition status of an environment
09846430|A vehicle control system includes: an outside-of-vehicle operation device configured to cause a vehicle to travel operated by an operator from outside of the vehicle, inside of a compartment of the vehicle being isolated from the outside of the vehicle by a vehicle body; an assist instruction device configured to cause the operator to select a travel mode in which the vehicle is allowed to travel by an operation of the outside-of-vehicle operation device; a parking brake operation detector configured to detect an operation of a parking brake; and a warning device configured to issue warning in a compartment to stimulate sense of hearing or sense of sight at the time the travel mode is selected and the operation of the parking brake is detected.|Vehicle control system
09846720|A method, apparatus and article of manufacture for refining search results is disclosed. In one embodiment, the method comprises the steps of accepting a search query comprising one or more keywords, generating a first search result comprising one or more first search result members according to the search query, accepting a refinement command identifying one or more undesired first search result members, automatically refining the first search result to exclude the undesired first search result members and first search result members related to the undesired first search result members from the first search result, and providing the automatically refined search result.|System and method for refining search results
09846760|In one embodiment, a writing data verification method is for verifying a conversion error due to data conversion from first writing data in a vector format based on design data to second writing data in a pixel format. The method includes converting the second writing data to third writing data in a vector format, performing an exclusive OR operation on the first writing data and the third writing data, enlarging a graphic of the first writing data to obtain an enlarged graphic and generating a tolerance region graphic from a difference between the enlarged graphic and the graphic of the first writing data, and detecting a defect by performing a mask process on a graphic generated by the exclusive OR operation with the tolerance region graphic.|Writing data verification method and multi-charged particle beam writing apparatus
09846840|Semantic class localization techniques and systems are described. In one or more implementation, a technique is employed to back communicate relevancies of aggregations back through layers of a neural network. Through use of these relevancies, activation relevancy maps are created that describe relevancy of portions of the image to the classification of the image as corresponding to a semantic class. In this way, the semantic class is localized to portions of the image. This may be performed through communication of positive and not negative relevancies, use of contrastive attention maps to different between semantic classes and even within a same semantic class through use of a self-contrastive technique.|Semantic class localization in images
09846841|Methods, systems, and apparatus, including computer programs encoded on a computer storage medium, for predicting object identity using an ensemble of predictors. In one aspect, a method includes selecting candidate objects that likely match a received object that is to be identified, from a database of objects, and providing attributes of the received object compared with those of the candidates to an ensemble of predictors having respective properties. Based on previous training, each predictor can predict a most likely candidate. From among the most likely candidates, a previously trained support vector machine can select a potential match candidate. If a score that the support vector machine associates with the potential match candidate, that is representative of the potential match candidate's likelihood to match the received candidate satisfies a threshold, then the potential match candidate can be determined to be the received candidate.|Predicting object identity using an ensemble of predictors
09846921|A dynamic image masking system for providing a filtered autonomous remote sensing image through a dynamic image masking process is provided. The dynamic image masking system has a remote sensing platform and an imaging system associated with the remote sensing platform. The imaging system has an optical system and an image sensing system. The dynamic image masking system further has a multi-level security system associated with the imaging system and one or more image alteration locations located in the imaging system and the multi-level security system, wherein alteration of one or more images takes place via the dynamic image masking process. The dynamic image masking system further has a computer system associated with the imaging system. The computer system has a gatekeeper algorithm configured to send gatekeeper commands to one or more controllers that control the one or more image alteration locations through the dynamic image masking process.|Dynamic image masking system and method
09846941|An event monitoring apparatus comprises a setting command input unit, an event rule generator, an image receiver, an object-of-interest tracker, an event determiner, and an event detection information generator.|Method for setting event rules and event monitoring apparatus using same
09849580|A door separation device that is used for various kinds of vehicles to detach a door that is mounted on a vehicle body through a door hinge in a door separation process may include an upper side gripper and lower side gripper that is respectively on a base frame that can be mounted on an arm end of a robot and is movable in an upper and lower direction, and grips an upper end and a lower end of a door, a moving frame that is disposed on the base frame to be movable in a transfer direction of a vehicle body, and an upper side bolt separation unit and a lower side bolt separation unit that respectively has a pair of motorized runners for separating a bolt that is engaged with a door and an upper side hinge and a lower side hinge of a vehicle body.|Door separation device that is used for multi kinds of vehicles
09849590|Provided is an apparatus capable of transporting a rotor from a first location to a second location, including: a holding device for engaging with a portion of the rotor at the first location so as to hold the rotor relative to the apparatus; a position determination device for determining the position of at least one component part of the rotor relative to another component part of the rotor or another body; a positioning device for positioning or repositioning said at least one component part of the rotor relative to another component part of the rotor or another body; and a movement device for moving the rotor from the first location to the second location. Also described is a method of loading a rotor into a balancing machine.|Apparatus for transporting a rotor
09849591|Methods, apparatus, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for using a camera of a robot to capture an image of the robot's environment, detecting edges in the image, and localizing the robot based on comparing the detected edges in the image to edges derived from a three-dimensional ("3D") model of the robot's environment from the point of view of an estimated pose of the robot in the environment. In some implementations, the edges are derived based on rendering, from the 3D model of the environment, a model image of the environment from the point of view of the estimated pose-and applying an edge detector to the rendered model image to detect model image edges from the model image.|Localization of a robot in an environment using detected edges of a camera image from a camera of the robot and detected edges derived from a three-dimensional model of the environment
09849961|A high altitude balloon including a payload, a balloon film with lifting gas disposed within the balloon film, a sealing ring operably coupled to the balloon film, a retention element configured to retain the payload in contact with the sealing ring, and a release element configured to cause the retention element to release the payload.|High altitude balloon with a payload separation assembly
09849970|A turbo engine includes a system for changing a pitch of blades of a propeller, the system including an annular fluid cylinder with a linear drive and a link mechanism linking the cylinder to the blades of the propeller to change an orientation of the propeller. The annular cylinder of the system can be rigidly mounted on a fixed housing supporting the propeller and internal to the propeller, unlike the blades mounted in an external rotating hub of the propeller, and the link mechanism includes a displacement transfer bearing fixed, on one side, to the mobile part of the cylinder and cooperating, on the other side, with a mechanism linking to the blades of the rotating hub of the propeller.|Turbo engine with propeller(s) for an aircraft with a system for changing the pitch of the propeller
09849971|An aircraft brake system may include an axle and a brake axle sleeve. The brake axle sleeve may have a plurality of recesses asymmetrically disposed about an inner circumference of the brake axle sleeve. The plurality of recesses may attenuate vibrations in the aircraft brake system.|Brake axle sleeve
09849980|A personal propulsion device, including a platform configured to support a passenger's body; and at least one fluid discharge nozzle coupled to the platform and angled with respect to the platform, where the angle defined between the nozzle and the platform is between approximately 95° and 120°; where the personal propulsion device is configured to receive pressurized fluid from a remote pressurized fluid source, and where the personal propulsion device is configured to achieve flight.|Personal propulsion devices with improved balance
09849981|An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is disclosed that includes a retractable payload delivery system. The payload delivery system can lower a payload to the ground using a delivery device that secures the payload during descent and releases the payload upon reaching the ground. The location of the delivery device can be determined as it is lowered to the ground using image tracking. The UAV can include an imaging system that captures image data of the suspended delivery device and identifies image coordinates of the delivery device, and the image coordinates can then be mapped to a location. The UAV may also be configured to account for any deviations from a planned path of descent in real time to effect accurate delivery locations of released payloads.|Payload-release device position tracking
09849990|An environmental control system comprising that utilizes recirculation air. The environmental control system includes an inlet configured to supply bleed air at a first energy from a source to the environmental control system, where the environmental control system supplies the bleed air at a second energy to a chamber. The environmental control system also includes an air cycle machine comprising a compressor and a turbine, where the air cycle machine receives the recirculation air from the chamber and the recirculation air is bleed air at a third energy flowing from the chamber to the air cycle machine.|Environmental control system utilizing shoestring cycle to maximize efficiency
09849991|An ice protection system comprises deicing zones each including an envelope defining an ice-protection area. Adjacent envelopes have spanwise edge regions flanking shared interzone borders. The edge regions are provided with nonlinear contours having features which project-and-recess in a direction generally parallel to the airstream direction.|Deicer zones with shedding-enhanced borders
09850010|A handling system for use in the manufacture of syringe barrels includes a tray having an array of apertures with a tubular upstand around each aperture, each upstand at the upper end thereof defining a support surface for a syringe barrel. Each syringe barrel comprises a cylindrical part and an enlargement at or adjacent the rear end of the barrel and carries at its forward end a safe needle device or a needle shield of a greater diameter than the syringe barrel. At least one of the enlargement of the syringe barrel or the support surface has a profile tapering or rounded inwardly in the downward direction so that when the tray is supported generally horizontally and a syringe barrel is lowered into an upstand, the syringe barrel is centred by co-operation between the enlargement and the support surface. The enlargement may be a flange at the rear end of the syringe barrel or could be a further component fitted to the barrel.|Tray for handling syringe barrels
09850081|An automatic tire loader/unloader for stacking/unstacking tires in a trailer is disclosed. In one embodiment, a mobile base structure provides a support framework for a drive subassembly, conveyance subassembly, an industrial robot, a distance measurement subassembly, and a control subassembly. Under the operation of the control subassembly, tires advance through a powered transportation path to an industrial robot which places the tires within the trailer in a vertical stacking pattern or a rick-stacking pattern, for example. The control subassembly coordinates the selective articulated movement of the industrial robot and the activation of the drive subassembly based upon the distance measurement subassembly detecting objects, including tires, within a detection space, dimensions of the trailer provided to the control subassembly, and dimensions of the tires provided to the control subassembly.|Automatic tire loader/unloader for stacking/unstacking tires in a trailer
09850820|A power transmission system for a turbine engine is provided. The power transmission system includes a transmission shaft that is connected to a drive shaft by bevel gears, and that drives equipment or accessories. The transmission shaft is designed to operate under supercritical conditions and includes a damper system for damping vibration at its resonant speed.|Power transmission system for a turbine engine
09850821|A gas turbine engine includes a shaft, a speed reduction device driven by the shaft, and a fan including a fan rotor driven by the speed reduction device. A compressor section has a plurality of compressor stages driven by the shaft. At least one inducer stage is positioned aft of the fan and coupled for rotation with the fan rotor. The at least one inducer stage is positioned upstream of the compressor section.|Gas turbine engine with fan-tied inducer section
09850850|A thrust reverser track beam is disclosed. The thrust reverser track beam may comprise a recess defined by a reception surface and/or a perimeter surface surrounding the reception surface and extending away from the reception surface, wherein the reception surface and the perimeter surface bound a recess that is configured to receive a noise suppressing structure. The thrust reverser track beam may further comprise the noise suppressing structure. The recess is generally triangular in shape and may extend away from a plane. The noise suppressing structure may be generally triangular in shape and may extend away from a plane. The noise suppressing structure may be coupled within the recess of the track beam and/or to the track beam.|Acoustically treated thrust reverser track beam
09850880|A system for enabling servicing of a rotor of a wind turbine is provided. A rotor servicing fixture attaches to a first and second rotor blade, and contacts a wind turbine tower. A clamp assembly is connected to the rotor servicing fixture, and clamps onto a third rotor blade. The clamp assembly lowers the third rotor blade from a hub and raises it back to the hub. A lifting assembly is connected to the rotor servicing fixture and the clamp assembly, and is configured for raising and lowering the third rotor blade via the clamp assembly. A slide assembly is connected to the rotor servicing fixture, and is configured to support the rotor part and to slidably move the rotor part away from or towards the wind turbine. The system enables the rotor part to be removed or replaced without requiring the rotor to be removed from the wind turbine.|System for servicing wind turbine rotor
09850881|A sealing system for a wind turbine comprises first component and a second component positioned proximate the first component and movable relative thereto. An absorbent element is secured to the first component and comprises an oil-absorbent material. A contact member is secured to the absorbent element and comprises a non-absorbent material. The contact member abuts the second component so that lubricant leaking from between the first and second components is collected by the absorbent element. A method of maintain a clean environment in a wind turbine with such a sealing system is also disclosed.|Sealing system and method of maintaining a clean environment in a wind turbine by absorbing lubricant used in the pitch or yaw bearings
09850931|A beam flange clamp includes a clamp body having a first vise jaw portion with a first gripping surface and a second vise jaw portion with a second gripping surface. The first gripping surface and the second gripping surface are oriented parallel to each other and are offset in height by a predetermined clamping distance. The clamp body further including a bolting portion protruding from the second vise jaw portion opposite of the first vise jaw portion, and at least one bolting hole is formed through the bolting portion.|Beam flange clamp, structural beam joint with beam flange clamps and method for forming a structural beam joint
09851191|A downhole explosive detonation comprises a high voltage electro-explosive initiator comprising an input high voltage power supply with a low impedance shunting fuse, a flexible electrical link and a capacitor discharge unit. Explosive is initiated in a direction approximately parallel, or in another version perpendicular to the capacitor discharge unit. A unique configuration and construction of the assembly allows installation through a small service port in the gun housing structure for more efficient gun arming. A real time downhole voltage monitoring is described that transmits voltage readings to the surface during a firing sequence.|High voltage explosive assembly for downhole detonations
09851271|A sensor and a method of manufacturing the same are provided. The sensor includes a substrate, a projecting portion including a plurality of projections that protrude upwardly from an upper portion of the substrate, and an electrode portion covering the projections and the upper portion of the substrate between the projections. The projecting portion of the sensor has micro projections to enable the sensor to sense pressure and a sliding movement.|Sensor and method of manufacturing the same
09851711|A robot cleaner system is described including a docking station to form a docking area within a predetermined angle range of a front side thereof, to form docking guide areas which do not overlap each other on the left and right sides of the docking area, and to transmit a docking guide signal such that the docking guide areas are distinguished as a first docking guide area and a second docking guide area according to an arrival distance of the docking guide signal. The robot cleaner system also includes a robot cleaner to move to the docking area along a boundary between the first docking guide area and the second docking guide area when the docking guide signal is sensed and to move along the docking area so as to perform docking when reaching the docking area.|Robot cleaner, docking station, robot cleaner system including robot cleaner and docking station, and method of controlling robot cleaner
09852121|A system for automatically detecting relationships in spreadsheet data is disclosed. The system may be configured to analyze data items in the spreadsheet to determine whether two or more data items are unrelated. If the two or more data items are unrelated, then the system may notify a user of a need to define the relationship, and automatically defines the relationship for the two or more data items, or suggests the relationship to the user.|Automatic relationship detection for spreadsheet data items
09852231|Systems and methods for adding labels to a graph are disclosed. One system includes a plurality of computing devices including processors and memory storing an input graph generated based on a source data set, where an edge represents a similarity measure between two nodes in the input graph, the input graph being distributed across the plurality of computing devices, and some of the nodes are seed nodes associated with one or more training labels from a set of labels, each training label having an associated original weight. The memory may also store instructions that, when executed by the processors, cause the plurality of distributed computing devices to propagate the training labels through the input graph using a sparsity approximation for label propagation, resulting in learned weights for respective node and label pairs, and automatically update the source data set using node and label pairs selected based on the learned weights.|Scalable graph propagation for knowledge expansion
09852260|A method, system, and non-transitory computer readable medium for reducing chemo-epitaxy directed-self assembly (DSA) defects of a layout of a guiding pattern, include inserting an internal dummy between a first portion of the guiding pattern and a second portion of the guiding pattern if a vertical spacing is equal to or greater than a first predetermined distance, inserting a first external dummy along an external edge of the guiding pattern in a vertical direction if the vertical spacing is greater than a second predetermined distance, and inserting an anti-taper structure on the first external dummy if a second distance from the external edge of the guiding pattern to the edge of the first external dummy is greater than a first distance.|Method and recording medium of reducing chemoepitaxy directed self-assembled defects
09852370|Embodiments of the invention provide a method for mapping a bipartite graph onto a neuromorphic architecture comprising of a plurality of interconnected neuromorphic core circuits. The graph includes a set of source nodes and a set of target nodes. The method comprises, for each source node, creating a corresponding splitter construct configured to duplicate input. Each splitter construct comprises a first portion of a core circuit. The method further comprises, for each target node, creating a corresponding merger construct configured to combine input. Each merger construct comprises a second portion of a core circuit. Source nodes and target nodes are connected based on a permutation of an interconnect network interconnecting the core circuits.|Mapping graphs onto core-based neuromorphic architectures
09852371|A method and system for analysis of data, including creating a first node, determining a first hyper-cube for the first node, determining whether a sample resides within the first hyper-cube. If the sample does not reside within the first hyper-cube, the method includes determining whether the sample resides within a first hyper-sphere, wherein the first hyper-sphere has a radius equal to a diagonal of the first hyper-cube.|Using radial basis function networks and hyper-cubes for excursion classification in semi-conductor processing equipment
09852381|An approach is provided for behavioral pattern generation for mixed reality objects. A mixed reality platform determines one or more computation closures for describing one or more user behavioral patterns associated with one or more digital objects of at least one augmented reality information space. The mixed reality platform then processes and/or facilitates a processing of one or more interactions with the one or more digital objects, one or more augmented reality applications associated with the at least one augmented reality information space, or a combination thereof to cause, at least in part, a determination of (a) the one or more user behavioral patterns from the one or more interactions, (b) the data acted on by the one or more computation closures, or (c) a combination thereof.|Method and apparatus for providing behavioral pattern generation for mixed reality objects
09852500|A method for inspecting an installed component includes receiving an identity and selected location of the component as an input signal via a handheld inspection device having a controller, digital camera, and display screen, and collecting a dynamic pixel image of the selected location in real-time using the digital camera. The method includes displaying the image in real time via the display screen, projecting virtual guidance lines onto the image corresponding to edges of the installed component, and identifying the component via the controller when the image is aligned with the projected acquisition lines. A predetermined area of the installed component is identified after identifying the installed component, a predetermined feature dimension is measured within the identified predetermined area, and an output signal is generated with a status indicative of whether the measured feature dimension falls within a calibrated range.|Guided inspection of an installed component using a handheld inspection device
09853690|Methods, systems, and computer program products for generating high resolution inferences in electrical networks are provided herein. A computer-implemented method includes collecting multiple items of data from one or more data sources arising from a power distribution network, wherein the multiple items of data comprise (i) one or more levels of temporal resolution and (ii) one or more levels of spatial resolution; determining a network topology of the power distribution network based on identification of one or more connections between each of multiple components within the power distribution network; and generating a power flow estimate for one or more nodes within the power distribution network at a pre-determined level of spatio-temporal resolution, wherein said generating comprises applying a model to (i) the multiple items of collected data, (ii) the determined network topology, and (iii) one or more relations constraining the power flow estimate at the pre-determined level of spatio-temporal resolution.|Generating high resolution inferences in electrical networks
09854370|The present application discloses systems, methods, and articles of manufacture for controlling one or more functions of a device utilizing one or more tags. In one example, a method for controlling one or more functions of a medical device includes scanning a data interface of the medical device for signals induced wirelessly by one or more gestures made with one or more tags associated with a recipient of the medical device and controlling one or more functions of the medical device based on the wirelessly induced signals.|Implantable remote control
RE046310|An adaptive interface for a programmable system, for predicting a desired user function, based on user history, as well as machine internal status and context. The apparatus receives an input from the user and other data. A predicted input is presented for confirmation by the user, and the predictive mechanism is updated based on this feedback. Also provided is a pattern recognition system for a multimedia device, wherein a user input is matched to a video stream on a conceptual basis, allowing inexact programming of a multimedia device. The system analyzes a data stream for correspondence with a data pattern for processing and storage. The data stream is subjected to adaptive pattern recognition to extract features of interest to provide a highly compressed representation which may be efficiently processed to determine correspondence. Applications of the interface and system include a VCR, medical device, vehicle control system, audio device, environmental control system, securities trading terminal, and smart house. The system optionally includes an actuator for effecting the environment of operation, allowing closed-loop feedback operation and automated learning.|Ergonomic man-machine interface incorporating adaptive pattern recognition based control system
